Dell is considering a sale to VMWare in what may be tech's biggest deal ever.
Ford Looks Past Tesla's Gigafactory To A 'Post-Lithium-Ion' Future.
Ryanair will not deploy new aircraft on routes to and from the UK [United Kingdom] next year [2017], following the Brexit vote, and will instead focus on the European Union [EU].
E-cigarettes should not be banned in public, medical experts warn: 'A ban on using e-cigarettes in public places could be damaging, as it may put off smokers from using e-cigarettes to help them quit,' says Rosanna O'Connor from Public Health England.
F-16s to be manufactured soon in an assembly line in India.
Australia's gun laws stopped mass shootings and reduced homicides, study finds.
China's plan to cut meat consumption by 50% cheered by climate campaigners: New dietary guidelines could reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 1bn tonnes by 2030, and could lessen countrys problems with obesity and diabetes.
Thai government is planning on legalization of methamphetamine.
China must get better on human rights before Canada will sign a trade deal: Trudeau.
Greece wants to send thousands of migrants back to Turkey in coming weeks.
Crowds steal flour, chicken and underwear in looting spree in Venezuela.
Oil-rich Norway is taking a big step in saving tropical rainforests that are crucial to absorbing the world's carbon emissions. The Scandinavian country has become the first in the world to pledge not to use products that contribute to deforestation.
BlackBerry hands over user data to help police 'kick ass,' insider says.
UN asks governments for 2050 plans to phase out coal, oil and gas.
Years before Big Oil began sowing doubt about the science of climate change and fighting efforts to cut dangerous emissions, the fossil fuel industry sought to muddle the research around smog.
First freight train from India to Russia will start running in August.
The German drugs and chemicals group Bayer has pounced on Monsanto, the worlds biggest seed company, with an unsolicited takeover offer likely to be worth more than $40bn (27bn).
Adidas shoe manufacture returns to Germany, fully automated instead of relying on human labour in Asia.
Israel: Hamas stealing 95% of civilian cement transferred into Gaza.
Pakistan has banned advertisements for contraceptive products on Tv and radio over concern that they expose inquisitive children to the subject of sex, local media reported on Saturday.
The Philippines Giant Fish Are Disappearing - Overfishing has almost wiped out 59 reef fish species.
Cars registered before 1997 will be banned in Paris as of July 1st.
Residents challenge council on sale of 40 billion litres of aquifer water.The battle over just who owns our water is being fought across the country. Water ownership is also an in issue in Hawke's Bay. Regional councillor Peter Beaven says everyone should own the precious resource.
Solid gold, diamond-encrusted, $5,000,000 Maltese Eagle stolen in Vancouver.
India just proposed an oil-for-drugs deal with Venezuela, Country is facing severe shortages of even basic supplies such as food, water and medicines, desperately short of medical supplies, lacking as much as 80 percent of what it needs to treat its population
McDonald's fish: Row over sustainability 'cover-up'- The document shows that the government was aware of made-up data and illegal practices such as the dumping of vast quantities of unwanted fish. There are also concerns that unlawful fishing in NZ waters is threatening the world's rarest dolphin
Next Friday, the United Kingdom will join Australia and become the second country in the world to introduce "plain packaging" to cigarettes, removing all brands, logos, and colors and replacing them with standardized dark green packages with graphic health warnings.
The London mayor, Sadiq Khan, has outlined plans to quadruple the proportion of affordable housing being built in the capital.There is no point in building homes if they are bought by investors in the Middle East and Asia, I want to give first dibs to Londoners.
Car fires turning into a Dutch plague, 100s torched in recent months.
Labatt Breweries Halts Production &amp; Ships 200,000 Cans of Clean Water to Fort McMurray Residents Impacted by Raging Fire.
Despite intense opposition from the drinks industry, the Australian NSW government has chosen to support a community-backed recycling scheme for drink containers, as it seeks to reduce litter by 40 per cent by 2020, voting to adopt a 10 container deposit scheme to start in July next year.
Oil prices surge above $45 amid Canadian wildfire.
Mexico to Consider Cannabis Legalization.
Canada to introduce pot legalization legislation in 2017.
Islamic face veil to be banned in Latvia despite being worn by just three women in entire country.
VW to pay US customers $5,000 each to settle suit; VW would pay each customer affected by the carmaker's use of emissions test cheating software $5,000, in addition to paying to repair their vehicles.
Geoblocking: Consumers not breaching copyright by circumventing with VPN, says Govt agency.
Colgate and Unilever operating detergent cartel in Australia to extort profits from consumers.
Venezuela: Countless Wounded after 5,000 Loot Supermarket.
Central banks are loading up on gold.
'Coat Hanger Rebels' Battle Bid to Outlaw Abortion - Proposed law to ban abortion sends 1000s of Poles onto the streets, coat hangers held aloft &amp; drawn on posters. Activists have long decried abortion laws in Poland, which are among the most restrictive in Europe.
China to increase high-speed rail network to 30,000 km by 2020: By the end of 2015, the length of high-speed railway (HSR) lines in operation in China exceeded 19,000 km with nearly 10,000 km under construction.
Nissan recalls 4 million cars over seat belt and airbag safety fears.
Helicopter firms are carrying out unauthorised sightseeing flights over the upper reaches of Mount Everest, Nepalese officials say. Sherpas have expressed concerns that vibrations caused by the helicopters could trigger avalanches.
VW and Shell try to block EU push for electric cars.
Price Of Using Mobiles In EU 'Drops 75%' Today.
Denmark considers tax on beef, other red meats to combat climate change.
Germany to give 1bn subsidy to boost electric car sales.
'All Belgians to get iodine pills' in case of nuclear accident.
Apple no longer has exclusive rights to the iPhone name in China.
Kinder chocolate banned in Palestine because it contains alcohol.
Netherlands looks to ban all gas, diesel car sales by 2025.
European storks become couch potatoes and junk food junkies: Instead of migrating to Africa, storks are spending their winters feeding at landfills in Spain and Portugal. Storks across Europe are staying put due to availability of food waste at dumps - which causes some problems.
Reckitt must work through the pain to win support.
Investors will need persuading before coughing up to aid Rakesh Kapoor’s plans.
Arcadia back in spotlight after deal rumours.
Talk of takeover by Chinese textile group denied by billionaire retailer.
Grocery store chain Albertsons, drugstore Rite Aid unveil tie-up.
Tie-up will create large food and wellness group.
Home Depot posts upbeat results on higher traffic.
Walmart profits miss estimates, ecommerce growth cools.
Retailer’s shares decline 3% in pre-market trading.
William Hill fined £6.2m for money laundering failure.
Bookmaker profited from customers who may have used crime proceeds, regulator finds.
IHG sees revenue growth despite travel disruptions.
Revenue per available room rises 2.7% as local trends affect trading across the globe.
‘Mindful’ eating drives growth at Cheesestrings maker Kerry.
Dunelm slides 10% after disclosing lower profit margins.
William Hill to pay £6.2m over money laundering failures.
US gunmakers bet on Hillary Clinton and lost.
With laws to curb ownership off the table, an expected sales boost failed to materialise.
Reckitt must work through the pain to win support.
Investors will need persuading before coughing up to aid Rakesh Kapoor’s plans.
Philip Green’s Arcadia in focus after deal rumours.
Billionaire retailer denies talk of takeover by Chinese textiles group.
Reckitt Benckiser faces battle to regain market’s trust.
Company has suffered a series of ‘one-off’ problems over the past 18 months.
Farfetch: multi-Chanel retail.
A premium valuation is arguably merited, even though the online luxury retail platform still makes losses.
Chicken shortage shuts most KFC branches in UK.
Company blames ‘teething problems’ with new distribution contract with DHL.
Reckitt Benckiser shares hit amid concern over margins.
Investors mark down consumer goods group despite promises it will return to ‘outperformance’.
US activist ValueAct takes stake in Merlin.
Hedge fund is now third-largest shareholder of theme park operator hit by downgrade.
McColl’s shares hit as P&H collapse knocks sales.
Supply problems cast cloud over convenience store chain.
Reckitt Benckiser on track for worst day since 2011.
Reckitt hopes for a healthier 2018; Astra’s win; Saga’s shake-up.
Reckitt Benckiser vows change after flat sales in 2017.
Chanel and Farfetch team up to reshape store experience.
Digital initiatives for French luxury house include a branded app.
Playtech bets on diversity to beat gambling squeeze.
Bellwether for global gaming industry confident of overcoming regulatory headwinds.
Cornish fishermen fear catch in Brexit talks.
Enthusiastic Leave supporters feel they will be left with raw deal to protect the City.
Beijing presses Kweichow Moutai to cut prices.
Mandarins fret over luxury image of ‘people’s drink’.
Business waits in hope of hiding gender pay gap data.
HR chief says there is trepidation about ‘what the numbers will reveal’.
UK’s affordable restaurants feel the bite.
Burger chain Byron and Jamie’s Italian are two recent victims of a tight market.
Food industry giants struggle to keep up with changing tastes.
Sales woes at Kraft Heinz, Danone and others force groups to cut costs and eye deals.
Kellogg’s head of North American business unit to retire.
India expands probe into alleged $1.8bn bank fraud.
Investigators raid Gitanjali offices, factories and residences.
Toys R Us tax bill threatens to derail rescue.
UK business is partway through restructuring plan to stave off collapse.
Danone confident of higher sales and profits.
French yoghurt maker points to accelerating growth.
Retailers suffer worst start to year since 2013.
Jump in sportswear sales fails to offset effects of rising prices in shops.
VTB buys 29.1% stake in retailer Magnit for Rbs138bn.
Deal sees supermarket chain’s founder Sergei Galitsky step down as chief.
Kraft Heinz sales miss on weak US demand.
Sales drop 1.1 per cent in the company’s largest market.
Coca-Cola holding up better than expected amid strategic overhaul.
UK retail sales figures disappoint.
Sports equipment offers a bright spot for retailers.
Wesfarmers under scrutiny for Homebase debacle.
Investors fear UK acquisition is fast becoming a ‘black hole’ that could cost A$3bn.
Danone sees growth pick up despite flat dairy sales.
Russian state bank VTB buys 29% stake in supermarket chain Magnit.
Jana orders up stake in Jack in the Box.
Simpler structures could mean less Relx-ing on the train.
Group’s move to London HQ is unlikely to put Dutch noses out of joint.
Laura Ashley issues third profit warning in a year.
Dividend cancelled as weak pound and increased costs take toll.
Indian jewellery tycoon linked to alleged $1.77bn bank fraud.
Police search Nirav Modi showroom and house as part of Punjab National investigation.
Burberry targets emerging markets with Farfetch tie-up.
UK-based web retailer will distribute luxury brand’s clothing worldwide.
Nestlé: Third Point has a point.
Activist investor puts Kit Kat maker under pressure to increase margins.
Avon jumps more than 10% on earnings beat, but sales still weak.
Bundesliga weighs change of ownership rules.
Germany’s top-tier teams consider regulatory revamp to spur foreign investment.
Norman ‘warned’ Wesfarmers against buying Homebase.
Retail veteran said to have advised that DIY chain was struggling and could be hard to integrate.
Nestlé sales grow at slowest rate in 20 years.
Swiss group to chase acquisitions of organic and premium food brands.
Laura Ashley drops 18% after latest profit warning.
Quintessential British brand attributes problems to sterling.
Burberry teams up with Farfetch in ecommerce push.
Nestle sales growth sours on weak American demand.
Lacklustre earnings could boost support for activist investor Third Point.
Wanda’s hopes for global lifestyle empire fade.
After rapid expansion, China’s once-richest man sells assets and protects cash.
TripAdvisor shares take off after earnings.
TV deal signals end of Premier League big spending.
Two of the seven packages of games on offer remain unsold.
Chipotle eyes best day in nearly 5 years after nabbing Taco Bell CEO.
Danone/Corvex: culture clash.
Investors welcome plans to sell shares in probiotic drinks maker Yakult.
H&M predicts tough year ahead as it focuses online.
Fast-fashion chain bows to investor pressure to reveal internet sales figures.
Danone to offload €1.4bn Yakult stake.
French group slashes holding in Japanese drinks maker by two-thirds.
JD.com raises $2.5bn for logistics subsidiary.
Danone to sell €1.4bn stake in Japan’s Yakult.
Serco to buy Carillion healthcare contracts at cheaper price.
Sale agreed before outsourcer’s collapse, new deal reflects higher risk and investment.
Yen touches 15-month high as dollar weakens ahead of inflation data.
Myer shares jump after chief executive steps down.
Chipotle picks Taco Bell chief as new CEO.
Blue Apron shares jump as it narrows losses.
US meal kit maker cuts marketing and irons out delivery problems but loses customers.
Pepsi says ad blitz will take time to pay off.
North American drinks sales declined 3% in the fourth quarter.
Kering/Gucci: sparkle startle.
Shedding sportswear brand creates a ‘pure play’ luxury fashion house.
Hedge fund activist sues Xerox over Fuijfilm merger.
Third-largest shareholder joins corporate raider Carl Icahn in opposing deal.
Peltz to step down from Mondelez board in March.
Metro Group shrugs off Russia woes to double profit.
German wholesaler confident other markets will compensate for slide in sales.
Tui gains as tourists return to Turkey and N Africa.
Travel group also benefits from continued popularity of cruise holidays.
Food groups scent profits in India’s pet boom.
Brands look to tap huge growth but battle tradition of home-cooked dogs’ dinners.
Blue Apron shrinks customer base — and losses.
Strong snack sales put fizz in PepsiCo results.
Tui’s boring boat names; Used car salesmen keep the faith.
Pinault looks ahead at Louis Vuitton as Gucci grows.
Results show large part of Kering’s performance driven by luxury label.
US whistleblowing rules snare Harrogate retailer.
Pure Collection settles $900,000 case after employee reports export breaches.
US craft beer slowdown hits specialty hops market.
Varieties of the key ingredient for brewers have plunged from 2015-16 price peaks.
Walgreens in talks to buy AmerisourceBergen.
Potential tie-up with drug distributor comes in wake of Amazon’s entry into field.
Ulta shares lose sparkle after recent class action suit.
IQE finds ‘research’ can cut a long story short.
Do investors that bet against stocks really keep the markets honest?
Game Digital/Sports Direct: gamer theory.
Ashley’s plan suggests too much space at Sports Direct and too few customers at Belong.
Sports Direct to offer esports with Game Digital tie-up.
Athletics-wear chain to lend up to £55m as part of deal to open ‘Belong arenas’ in stores.
Melrose urged to ask pensions regulator to examine bid.
Minister’s intervention reflects political concern about effect of approach on GKN.
Puma expects slower growth after €4bn sales sprint.
Group points to strong euro and tough US market but holds out hope of positive surprise.
Heineken’s Brazil turnround weighs on margins.
Pre-tax profits rise 21% to €2.9bn as wider emerging markets outperform group.
Puma expects slower growth after year of brisk sales gains.
Currency moves take some fizz out of Heineken results.
Better than expected revenues and profits tempered by emerging market FX moves.
Unilever seeks a deep clean of the internet.
Wealth funds quadruple investment in student housing.
Bets made on growing wealthy middle classes sending their children to study abroad.
Unilever threatens to pull ads from tech platforms.
Facebook and Google put on notice by consumer goods giant over divisive content.
UK consumer spending falls after 5 years.
January credit card index shows winter continues to send chill through high street.
Dr Pepper deal puts focus on distribution networks.
JAB’s $19bn purchase of US carbonated drinks maker could help it sell other beverages.
Asos thrives by striking a pose on social media.
UK fashion store’s sales soar after it masters the way to copy a look online.
European oil majors, SpaceX, Steve Wynn, SoftBank and Samsung in the news.
Shandong Ruyi snaps up controlling stake in Bally.
Chinese textile and fashion group extends global acquisition spree.
Waitrose ends 20% discount for loyalty card holders.
Shake up to myWaitrose is latest change to supermarket loyalty schemes.
Wigan in talks over sale to Hong Kong group.
League one football club set to be latest English side snapped up by Chinese buyers.
H&M faces up to a new reality.
Investors seek greater transparency on progress of retailer’s digital transformation.
Mattel picks former Maker Studios chief as its new chairman.
Expedia tumbles as investors unpack profit drop.
Coty’s brighter sales outlook refreshes shares.
US cosmetics group’s new beauty lines bought from P&G showing improvement.
L’Oréal ready to buy back Nestlé’s €23bn stake.
Chief Jean-Paul Agon says French company ‘has what it takes’ to obtain holding.
GrubHub hits all-time high after dishing up profit jump, Yum stake.
Debenhams axes 320 in-store managerial jobs.
Department store echoes similar moves across UK high street amid challenging conditions.
Coty shares shine as P&G acquisitions begin to pay off.
‘A beautiful year’: Hermès lifts revenues 9% despite fourth quarter slowdown.
CEO blames low stocks for weaker growth at end of 2017.
Pernod chief bares all for Absolut ad campaign.
French drinks group doubles down on premium spirits as first-half sales rise 5.1%.
What’s the return on investing in a reusable coffee cup?
Discounted drinks mean you can soon recoup the cost of buying your own cup.
Tabcorp JV with the Sun    under review     after posting poor results.
Yum China still struggling with Pizza Hut turnround.
Shares down in after-hours trade.
iRobot shares sucked down by profit forecast.
Steve Wynn resigns as head of Wynn Resorts.
Casino mogul cites ‘avalanche of negative publicity’ in wake of sexual misconduct claims.
Hollywood blockbusters fail to lift Hasbro sales.
Company behind ‘Star Wars’ toys reveals unexpected sales fall.
The government is holding corporate feet to the fire and companies need a plan.
Chipotle shares singed by growth worries, CEO search.
Weight Watchers shares perk up on $2bn revenue goal, strategic vision.
Carlsberg weighed down by Russian restrictions.
Profits at world’s fourth-largest brewer suffer after $800m writedown.
Tesco faces £4bn gender pay claim, lawyers say.
Leigh Day also acting for 20,000 Sainsbury’s and Asda supermarket workers.
Electrolux says French regulators to proceed with antitrust probe.
Alibaba targets India as key ecommerce battleground.
Chinese retail group set to face off with Amazon over spoils of burgeoning market.
Steve Wynn steps down as head of Wynn Resorts.
Casino tycoon resigns as chairman and chief in wake of sexual harassment allegations.
Japan Tobacco drops 3% on weak profit, sales outlook.
Ocado tastes less like Marmite to long-term investors.
Retailer’s potential revenue growth will appeal to a certain investment palate.
Higher prices, tax gain beef up Chipotle profit.
Tesco trial abandoned after defendant has heart attack.
Collapse of 18-week trial of 3 former executives is a blow to Serious Fraud Office.
New Look sales and profits slide further.
Fashion retailer warns high street remains ‘challenging’ as revenues slump.
Tesco fraud trial abandoned after defendant’s heart attack.
Trial of three former executives had been running since September.
Ocado falls 7% after reporting profits will be hit.
Online grocer to raise capital for transformation to technology provider.
Health-conscious Brits tighten belts as food inflation proves sticky.
Ocado expects a hit from technology shift.
Online grocer aims to sell its robot-operated warehouse systems to other retailers.
UK retail sales edge higher in January.
Australian retail spending disappoints in December.
Lululemon chief quits abruptly over conduct breach.
Immediate departure after company says executive ‘fell short’ of its standards.
Designs on Carillion expose uncomfortable parallels.
The buyout approach to business is not hugely different to that of many outsourcers.
Hudson’s Bay taps CVS Health exec to be new CEO.
Kroger to sell convenience stores to UK’s EG Group for $2.2bn.
Tesco hands control of UK business to Booker boss.
Charles Wilson is credited with rescuing wholesaler from brink of collapse.
Amazon settles French tax dispute.
US tech group pays undisclosed sum five years after France sought €200m payment.
Eurozone retail sales growth cools after bumper November.
Wesfarmers/UK: home truths.
As the group ponders a Brexit of its own, better value lies elsewhere.
Service sector report completes ‘triple whammy’ of disappointing UK data.
Services PMI falls to lowest level since September 2016.
Wesfarmers admits to botched Homebase takeover.
Australian group to review UK DIY business after A$1bn writedown on 2016 purchase.
Monarch owner circles Carillion, Tesco’s new co-pilot.
Booker CEO to take charge of Tesco UK retail arm.
£3.7bn deal expected to complete next month.
Body Shop owner Natura targets global growth.
South American cosmetics group will unveil a new corporate entity called Natura &Co that will control businesses.
Wesfarmers suffers £454m impairment on Homebase purchase.
China’s JD.com to take on Amazon in Europe.
Company’s first European AI research centre to be in Cambridge, UK.
India Budget/ITC: breathing lessons.
Investors have reason to look again at the tobacco group.
HQ Trivia eyes right answers to $100m valuation.
Live quiz show app in talks with investors to raise funding.
JAB’s Becht looks to stir up US beverage market.
Competitive Dutchman says Dr Pepper Snapple deal is no ‘slash and burn exercise’.
Clorox feels earnings pinch from rising oil prices.
US household products maker reports 3% fall in gross profits amid sluggish sales.
Clipper Logistics’ directors sell for liquidity.
New deals with big-name retailers attract attention from investors.
Amazon is taking a welcome tilt at healthcare bills.
The online retailer’s foray into a sector worthy of disruption is not without risk.
Estée Lauder lifts full-year outlook, results beat views.
Results boosted by customisable gifts and travel retail.
Big brands lose pricing power in battle for consumers.
Names from P&G to Nestlé feel the pinch as shoppers show less loyalty and trade down.
Sony names Kenichiro Yoshida as new chief.
Executive is credited with turning around group and introducing greater transparency.
Like great coffee, good ideas take time to percolate.
The status quo is comfortable, especially for the people who get to call the shots.
Touching down on Super Bowl snacks.
Price of avocados and chicken wings fall ahead of annual feast of fast-food favourites.
Mattel fails to reverse slide in holiday quarter.
Unilever is up and running, but its shares aren’t early risers.
The group has already hit, or moved faster towards, Paul Polman’s targets for 2020.
UBS downgrade dulls investor appetite for Chipotle.
Sainsbury’s buys Nectar reward scheme for £60m.
UK supermarket group brings loyalty card in-house as it looks to tap customer data.
Unilever nears decision over single country base.
Anglo-Dutch group on track to ‘deliver strategic objectives’ as it lifts sales and profits.
Unilever — what a difference a year makes.
Unilever 2017 profits rise 9%.
Consumer products group posts sales growth across main divisions.
Oreo cookie-maker Mondelez’s revenue tops estimates.
H&M shares hit as it admits to ‘mistakes’ in strategy.
Clothing retailer scraps sales target as it struggles to adapt to shift online.
Steinhoff reports ex-CEO Jooste to police.
Former chairman Christo Wiese says news of accounting scandal was ‘bolt out of the blue’.
Urban farmers struggle to reap mass-market benefits.
Hyper-local produce continues its gentle growth but remains strictly for the discerning.
Capita copies Serco to avoid becoming Carillion.
Robots gain ground in ecommerce warehouses.
Debate rages over whether enough new jobs will be created.
McDonald's gets sales boost from cheap burgers.
CEO Steve Easterbrook says it is ‘street fighting’ for market share.
Swatch: outfoxing smartwatches.
Swiss company exudes confidence about this year but it is not out of the woods.
Domino’s Pizza Group: pie charts.
Forecasts show 2017 has been another winning year for profits.
Fallout from Wynn harassment claims reaches Macau.
Wynn Macau shares hit by fears of impact on unit that produces bulk of group profit.
Time is the best measure of productivity in services.
Technology is shifting the line between what is part of the economy and what is not.
Welcome to Due Diligence, the FT’s daily deals briefing.
Activist hedge fund Elliott in talks to buy Waterstones.
Book chain last changed hands in 2011 when a Russian oligarch bought it from HMV Group.
Coffee group JAB Holding to buy Dr Pepper Snapple.
Reimann family vehicle’s $18.7bn purchase marks a strategic shift into soft drinks.
JAB bets on hot and cold drinks combination.
Group hopes Dr Pepper Snapple deal will give it an edge over rivals.
Keurig/Dr Pepper: doctored popper.
Merger could yet leave investors’ nerves as taut as those of any javahead.
Coffee group Keurig Green Mountain to buy Dr Pepper.
Merger values soft drink company at $18.7bn and would create rival to beverage giants.
Superdry founder sells £17.8m worth of shares.
Stock has climbed 17% over last 12 months.
Steve Wynn political donations under fire.
Casino magnate quits as RNC finance chair as group investigates sexual abuse reports.
Ingvar Kamprad, 1926-2018, Ikea founder.
Swede who launched flat-pack furniture group from a shed revolutionised interior design.
Uefa vice-president urges overhaul of Italian football.
Federation chief says clubs will miss out on foreign investment and global revenues.
Call to step up cup recycling in war on plastic waste.
Collection of disposable cups must be improved, says UK paper mill chief.
Colgate shares slide as household brands struggle.
The toothpaste maker is out of favour after quarterly sales undershoot forecasts.
Staples names former Coca-Cola executive to top job.
Steinhoff secures lender support for critical payments.
Company says ‘immediate liquidity requirements have largely been addressed'.
Colgate drops as sales growth underwhelms.
Kering in talks to end Stella McCartney tie-up.
French luxury group weighs sale of 50% holding back to British designer.
Walmart partners with Rakuten in fight with Amazon.
US group targets Japan’s online grocery market in deal that also sees it launch ebooks.
Investing in UK retail: Bargains or basket cases?
Fierce competition, inflation and hard-pressed consumers dominate the outlook.
GKN is just the business to be put through Melrose mincer.
Engineering group’s shares jump and add £1.7bn to market value.
Halo Top looks sweet as low-cal ice cream sales soar.
Big groups eye upstart brand that has taken a large scoop of the market.
Now Amazon is disrupting fashion retail, too.
Ecommerce giant is set to overtake Macy’s as the largest seller of clothing in the US.
South Korea challenges US tariffs at the WTO.
Allies increasingly sensitive to aggressive trade moves by Trump administration.
Walmart takes on Amazon’s e-book dominance with Japanese tie-up.
Starbucks drops as sales miss the mark.
The power of Indonesia’s minimarket duopoly.
Plenty of room to grow for Alfamart and Indomaret, but government policy a problem.
Philip Morris, Altria hit by FDA advisory panel ruling on IQOS devices.
Shares stabilise after an initial 5% stumble.
LVMH’s Arnault joins Macron chorus of ‘France is back’.
Luxury group posts record revenues on back of strong performance in all categories.
LVMH chalks up record revenue in 2017.
All business lines and geographies see growth.
Newell Brands shares come unglued as it looks to shrink its footprint.
Asos defies retail gloom to post 23% sales jump.
Online clothing group lifts margins as technology changes boost stock clearance.
Gove to press supermarkets over ‘appalling’ excess plastic.
Environment secretary encourages shoppers to buy local.
Diageo toasts sales rise but warns on strong pound.
Maker of Johnnie Walker scotch beats expectations with strong growth in Asia.
Asos - mainstream fashion sales from the alternative market.
Baker Aryzta blames Brexit for profit warning.
Shares sink 20% after company predicts 15% profit drop.
Diageo beats forecasts on key sales gauge.
Distiller recorded organic sales growth in all regions.
Asos praises ‘exceptional’ UK growth despite ‘challenging’ market.
Sales increased 30% in last four months of 2017.
Wetherspoons serves up strong sales.
Pub operator warns performance will be hard to replicate in second half.
Crest Nicholson and Countrywide — the property divide.
Both face pressure on profit margins, but they are coming from very different places.
WH Smith blames lack of literary fads for sales woes.
Profitable travel business performs well during Christmas season.
WH Smith/SSP: Swann to watch.
Both are travel-related, but one is far more pricey than the other.
Davos 2018: JSE boss says Steinhoff must be    moment for change    .
Accounting scandal a harsh blow to S Africa business community.
Barry Callebaut reports strong chocolate sales.
Crest Nicholson - betting against the house?
Fever-Tree jumps on upbeat earnings outlook.
Maker of spirits mixers sees profts ‘comfortably’ ahead of market estimates.
Richemont/Yoox: peaked interest.
The premium being offered by the Swiss luxury group seems toppy at first glance.
Toys R Us to shut 1 in 5 of its US stores.
African consumer company earnings go up in smoke.
Profits plunge over past decade amid economic slowdown and missing middle class.
EasyJet proves more equal than others.
Monarch, Air Berlin and Alitalia bankruptcies reduce competitive pressure on prices.
Tactical mis-step from Donald Trump on trade.
Tariffs on solar panels and washing machines are foolish, not ruinous.
Carrefour revamp targets digital and food revolutions.
French group cuts jobs, inks online deals and boosts organic offering in growth push.
P&G discount strategy rings alarm bells.
Investors send shares lower on concerns about consumer group’s pricing power.
Sainsbury’s management shake-up puts jobs at risk.
Cost cuts at grocers marks latest effort to adjust to rising wages and cheaper rivals.
A focus on better rather than cheaper food may take time to deliver.
P&G: Tide detergent pods are not for eating.
Tariffs/South Korean companies: spin cycle.
The real target of Donald Trump’s latest trade action is China’s establishment.
Carrefour announces job cuts and Tencent partnership in strategy overhaul.
New CEO aims for online growth and €2bn in cost savings.
Customer loans offset bigger discounts at N Brown.
Simply Be and Jacamo owner relies on financial services arm to maintain margins.
Global appeal crucial to top football clubs’ income.
Most of Europe’s 20 richest clubs earn no more than a fifth of revenues from matchdays.
Dixons Carphone’s new boss can close the Bank of Vodafone.
Third-party financing deals may be the only way to keep selling £1,000 handsets.
Loeb demands ‘more urgency’ for disposals at Nestlé.
Activist steps up pressure for food group to sell its stake in L’Oréal.
Ocado unveils second robotic warehouse deal.
Internet retailer to build Toronto facility for Canadian grocer Sobeys.
Ocado: more van than vanguard.
Shareholders, like householders, get annoyed by late delivery, but the online grocer is picking up the pace.
Footwear/Pou Chen: soles in torment.
It makes sense for the Taiwanese shoemaker to cut out a link in the ownership chain.
Steinhoff raises €478m as it sells down PSG stake.
South African furniture group accepts 5% discount as it scrambles to raise cash.
Tesco cuts 1,700 store management roles in latest job losses.
Grocer will create 900 new jobs for ‘partners’.
Consumer goods groups join war on plastic.
Big names from Coke to Unilever address concerns as customers and governments urge action.
Ladbrokes warns FOBT crackdown will hurt horseracing industry.
Bookie looks to bolster support amid fear maximum stake will be cut to £2.
Richemont bids to take control of Yoox Net-a-Porter.
Swiss luxury group looks to shake up internet strategy as consumers go online.
Fixed odds betting terminal stake to be cut to £2.
Shares in bookmakers slide on expected action against ‘crack cocaine’ of gambling.
GKN’s hostile bid defence – easy like Sunday morning.
Ocado rallies after forging deal with Sobeys.
Shares are up 75% over the past year.
Dixons Carphone narrows profit forecast.
Post-Christmas sales disappointed after strong Black Friday.
Ocado agrees tie-up with Canada’s Sobeys.
Agreement marks second international deal in two months.
Richemont offers to take full control of Yoox Net-a-Porter.
Move is part luxury group’s of drive to accelerate internet retail strategy.
Amazonia’s child obesity epidemic takes a toll.
As families shun natural foods, teachers and doctors see an impact on education and health.
Chinese sportswear retailer soars on takeover offer from Nike supplier.
Southeast Asian nations look at ecommerce tax.
Governments aim to claim fiscal take from one of region’s most buoyant sectors.
Carrefour’s chief to unveil cost cuts and digital push.
Bompard’s long-awaited transformation plan aims to return French retailer to growth.
Puma recovery gathers pace.
Sportswear brand hopes to close gap on rivals but concedes it has much to do.
Amazon debuts the store without a checkout.
Ecommerce pioneer aims to write another chapter of its retail revolution.
Hedi Slimane joins LVMH-owned house of Céline.
Influential designer to become creative director of French luxury brand.
New Dixons Carphone chief seeks chain turnround.
Alex Baldock sees future for retailer to help consumers make difficult choices.
Activist investors: Highs and Lowe’s.
Healthy companies like Lowe’s must confront ornery investors.
British cider makers under threat from sweeter imports.
Decade of rapid sales growth fuelled by Magners craze loses fizz.
M&A: Ferrero spreads its chocolate empire.
The group has signed a $2.8bn deal with Nestlé, but is it taking on too much in the US?
Amazon raises price of its Prime membership.
First increase to fee since 2014 of service seen as key to attracting online shoppers.
Coca-Cola joins push to cut plastic waste.
Beverage giant, which uses 120bn bottles a year, pledges to step up recycling effort.
Lowe’s bows to activist pressure on board additions.
Hedge fund DE Shaw wins concessions at US home improvement retailer.
Sharp tumble in UK retail sales.
Kohl’s awarded $100 price target.
Highest price target on Wall Street.
The funeral provider’s business model has been dealt a mortal blow.
Amazon shares perk up after Prime membership fee boost.
E-commerce giant to lift monthly subscription rates although annual fees are unchanged.
Sudden drop in UK sales hits retail sector.
ONS warns Black Friday has made it harder to make seasonal adjustments to data.
Carpetright shares fall as much as 48% on warning.
Retailer floored by dismal start to critical post-Christmas trading season.
Lowe’s bows to activist pressure, appoints 3 new directors to board.
Retailers suffer as UK consumer spending falls sharply.
Carpetright shares drop 40% and funeral chain Dignity warns of ‘price war’.
UK retail sales fall most since June 2016.
Rising prices ‘squeezing’ consumers’ spending ability.
Fever-Tree shares jump 10%.
Yet another rally for tonic maker following non-exec appointment from Unilever.
Carpetright, Dignity, Bonmarché shares all lose more than 25%.
Big hits to UK mid-caps amid challenging market conditions.
Black Friday throws spanner in UK retail statistics.
ONS blames evolving event for error in Christmas sales calculation.
Local tech groups dominate gaming market in China.
Foreign companies lag behind as consumers shift to mobile in world’s largest market.
Steinhoff seeks lender support to save business.
South African banks commit €60m of €200m needed to support European operations.
Royal Mail continues to show how privatisation can deliver.
It may be profiting from former public-sector work but it’s nothing like Carillion.
Countrywide’s shares dive after profit warning.
Subdued housing market hits UK’s largest estate agency chain.
Soaring housing costs highlighted by 60-year survey.
Share of family budgets devoted to housing doubles while food and clothing halves.
Amazon shortlists 20 finalists for new headquarters.
New York, Los Angeles and Chicago included in list whittled down from 238 applicants.
Primark bags ‘record’ Christmas sales for ABF.
Family-owned group says retailer ‘on fire’ but sugar unit hit by lower EU prices.
Whitbread warns on consumer spending as sales stall.
Owner of Costa Coffee suffering from ‘weak footfall’ on UK high street, says chief.
Shh, don’t tell Jeremy – private-sector company actually delivers.
Primark bucks downbeat high street trend with strong Christmas.
Bikes and dash cams keep sales humming at Halfords.
Nestlé hopes pink KitKat will be big in Japan.
Swiss group first to use ruby chocolate in effort to woo millennials and lift growth.
Melrose could win more from GKN by winning friends.
Turnround specialist’s tactics appear to draw on the 1980s playbook.
Proposed deal is expensive and will leave the combined group with too much debt.
Walmart names Judith McKenna CEO of international arm.
Nomad expands deeper into the freezer with Goodfella’s Pizza deal.
€225m acquisition marks a return to dealmaking for New York-based Nomad.
Christmas brightens Tiffany’s 2017 forecast, but 2018 lacks sparkle.
Burberry UK sales drop as tourists shop elsewhere.
Luxury brand says ‘price elevation’ forms a crucial element of its new strategy.
Burberry UK sales lower as tourists head overseas for finery.
Trench coat maker sticks to plan to invest in glitzier stores, better technology and further move upmarket.
Ferrero’s deal with Nestlé marks its coming of age.
Italian group moves hard into sugary snacks as other big rivals retreat.
Ferrero buys Nestlé’s US confectionery for $2.8bn.
Deal makes Italian company third-largest sweets group in US market.
Premier Foods serves up Christmas sales rise.
UK group says its review of ‘options’ for Batchelors brand is at an exploratory stage.
Tate & Lyle names former PepsiCo executive as CEO.
Nick Hampton to take over after helping steer ingredients group through torrid period.
Hugo Boss turnround gathers pace with strong fourth quarter.
Greggs lifts sales (again) on gluten-free soup, caramel lattes and foccacia pizza.
JD Sports lifts profit forecast for second time since September.
Tate & Lyle CEO steps down.
From bean to bar: how to end child labour in cocoa production.
Chocolate makers are on a mission to keep underage workers out of their supply chains.
US tax reform: too sweet for some.
An unexpected treat for some British groups should not mean more money for CEOs.
William Hill weighs sale of Australia unit.
Bookmaker eyes spin-off or local tie-up ahead of regulatory shake-up in $18bn market.
Walmart/wages: for the greeter good.
Stretched US labour market is finally giving workers negotiating leverage.
Lego and Tencent team up for China digital partnership.
Toymaker and tech group to develop games, videos and social network for Chinese children.
Carillion – fast track to collapse.
Premier Foods seeks to dampen Batchelors sale talk.
Festive shoppers shun high street.
December footfall slumps amid strong Christmas performance online.
Lactalis to pay damages over salmonella contamination.
President of French dairy group says families affected will be compensated.
Consumer goods groups fail to match pay to performance.
RBC research finds lack of connection between share price and remuneration ‘troubling’.
Dialight needs a lightbulb moment to restore fortunes.
New chief of group faces same challenges are predecessor.
Fast Retailing: rags to riches.
Despite their high valuation, the Japanese group’s shares have room to run.
Richemont attacks R&D overlap with centralisation.
The conglomerate wants its brands to share skills and components.
Watch world tries to prolong rebound as SIHH opens.
Brands at the Geneva trade fair must respond to long-term threats.
My Favourite Pieces: Alice Temperley.
Rings — with foxes, mottos and lips — are the main focus of the designer’s collecting.
Ecommerce leads vintage watches into the future.
Collectors were suspicious about buying them online, but the business is growing fast.
Meghan Markle’s earrings boost jeweller Birks.
Jean-Christophe Bédos, chief executive of the Canadian brand, is seizing the moment.
‘Raj Pink’ fails to sell amid coloured-stone boom.
News in brief: Boucheron’s 160th anniversary; Stephen Webster expands into homeware.
Citizens of Gotham can finally tell the time safely.
News in brief: Raymond Weil releases Bob Marley watch; Qatar fair undaunted by embargo.
Watch fair battle intensifies with Hermès defection.
Geneva’s fair stresses its superior luxury, but it lacks its Basel rival’s scale.
From Cartier to Hermès, SIHH’s top watch launches.
Plus watches from A Lange and Söhne, Richard Mille, Van Cleef & Arpels and more.
Instagram influencers turn followers into dollars.
But are luxury brands risking their mystique in using social media stars?
The Deconstructed Watch: Piaget Altiplano Ultimate Concept.
At SIHH the brand will unveil the thinnest mechanical wrist watch ever created.
Sony looks to glory days with robot dog relaunch.
Group bets mechanical best friend will lead its revival in AI-enabled robotics.
UK retail, Kodak’s blockchain move, PwC ban, Huawei’s US setback and 21st Century Fox.
Lowe’s jumps to new record high on DE Shaw stakebuilding report.
Investors stock up on retailers after strong sales data.
Mitchells & Butlers sales growth cools as bad weather counter-balances ‘strong’ holiday run.
New store openings boost B&M sales.
NBA shoots for global growth with London showcase.
Basketball franchises cast net wider in search of international audiences.
Fast Retailing jumps to 2-year high as Q1 operating profit beats estimates.
Walmart raises basic hourly wage to $11 on tax cuts.
Largest private employer in US distributes expected savings to low-paid workers.
Kering to spin off Puma stake to shareholders.
Gucci owner plans to concentrate on its high-margin fashion business.
Tesco’s not helped by analysts’ great expectations.
A 20% share price rise since the start of November ends with a sharp 4% fall.
Chappell convicted in BHS data case.
Former owner of collapsed department store failed to provide information to Pensions Regulator.
Bull market in bling.
Big high-street stores feel chill of consumer spending freeze.
M&S and Tesco suffer sales slump while budget retailers emerge as winners.
Carrefour to buy 17% stake in private-sales site Showroomprivé.
Not so sweet results for German sugar producer Südzucker.
Kering to spin off Puma shares to its investors.
French stores sold baby food despite poison recall.
Carrefour and Leclerc admit keeping Lactalis products covered by ban on shelves.
Marks and Spencer: slow fashion.
Retailer struggles against more nimble competitors so must find its own way of being a specialist.
Online retail sales continue to soar.
Non-food stores still have a place, but growth of Amazon and others seems unstoppable.
French finance minister calls for sanctions after grocers found selling recalled baby milk.
Dairy and meat lead 8% rise in food prices in 2017.
Cost savings prop up House of Fraser despite weak Christmas.
Decline in M&S food sales compounds retailer’s woes.
Strong spell of Christmas trading in clothing offset by a weak October.
Drake to serve up whiskey brand to investors.
Up to $30m could be raised by taking Virginia Black public in non-traditional way.
Card Factory sinks 20% after latest profit warning.
Tesco misses mark as Christmas shoppers cut back.
Brisk trade in groceries undermined by lower spending on expensive non-food items.
M&S and Tesco drop at the open.
Boohoo upgrades sales forecasts after ‘most successful ever’ Black Friday.
M&S shows the strain with declines in food and clothing.
Weak Christmas update contrasts with upbeat news from big supermarkets.
John Lewis festive sales come at expense of margin.
Retailer sees best ever day of sales on Black Friday.
Tesco has best Christmas in 8 years.
Sales at Britain’s biggest grocer rose 1.9 per cent from 2016 festive season.
Coke pushes back on McKinsey after S Africa scandal.
Johannesburg-listed energy group Sasol also halts new work with consultancy.
Asia equities broadly lower after Wall Street notches first daily fall of 2018.
Australian retailers rise as November sales beat estimates.
Ferrero nears $2.8bn deal for Nestlé’s US chocolate business.
CFDs on bitcoin? You’re not sophisticated enough.
Watchdog rules on CFD investors.
Brunello Cucinelli sells €100m stake for charity.
Founding family retains 51% of luxury group as it separates philanthropic activities.
Coca-Cola hopes to put fizz back in Diet Coke sales with brand revamp.
Carphone Warehouse fined £400,000 over data breach.
Hackers in 2015 accessed customers’ names, addresses and, in some cases, card details.
Moss Bros warns on profits as UK high street divides.
Fashion brands Ted Baker and Superdry report stronger festive trading.
Sainsbury/discounters: sweet Lidl 16.
Britain’s big four grocers are stabilising rather than rebounding.
Carphone Warehouse fined £400,000 over 2015 data breach.
Sainsbury’s lifts profit forecast after strong Christmas.
Grocer warns of consumer spending squeeze as clothing sales growth slows.
M&S hires former Dixons Carphone executive as CFO.
PageGroup and Ted Baker jump after positive results; Moss Bros sinks 15%.
Sainsbury packages a profit upgrade; Carillion’s big day.
Sainsbury’s lifts profit guidance after Christmas sales.
‘Frustrated’ Moss Bros flags weaker profits over ‘very challenging consumer backdrop’.
Domino’s chief to exit this summer.
Holiday sales growth helps brighten Nordstrom’s profit forecast.
May turns to 2015 intake for front bench revival.
Middle-aged white male ministers make way for members of well regarded group.
All shops set to charge for plastic bags.
England to follow Wales and Scotland in extending 5p scheme under new plan.
Byron eyes store closures as part of rescue plan.
Three Hills Capital to become majority shareholder in struggling group.
Kodak pivot to blockchain sends shares on a roll.
Photography company plans to create cryptocurrency for industry.
Morrison grows online but shares yet to deliver.
Investors still waiting for sales and balance sheet cheer to trickle down.
Marks and Spencer aims to trim technology bill with new IT plan.
Persimmon chief defends bonus as home sales rise.
Jeff Fairburn in line for £100m from UK housebuilder’s award scheme.
Morrisons enjoyed sales boost pre-Christmas.
Strong results driven by in-store improvements and growth of premium range, say analysts.
Kantar reports record-breaking Christmas rush for UK grocers.
Strong Christmas sales for Joules and Fat Face.
Are Big Brands the next market bubble?
Investors may find their assumptions about consumer packaged goods companies prove costly.
Spending on clothing, food and online goods rises.
Figures from Barclaycard and BRC follow mixed results from retailers for festive season.
Samsung projects record Q4 earnings on strong chip prices.
Urban Outfitters shares fall on holiday update.
Google accused of discriminating against white men.
Class action lawsuit by fired employee threatens to reignite company’s culture wars.
South Korean beauty brands lose some glamour.
Industry faces competition for young, affluent Chinese consumers as rivals catch up.
Housebuilders in good shape despite January wobble.
A January tradition of calling end to sector’s boom needs rethink.
GoPro considers sale after new revenue miss.
Company says it will shut its drones business and lay off a fifth of its staff.
Oprah for President chatter lifts Weight Watchers.
ECB takes multimillion hit to sell Steinhoff debt.
Central bank ditches entire holding of bonds from scandal-hit South African retailer.
Rhône Capital battles Ferrero and Hershey for Nestlé’s US candy business.
ECB sells entire holding of Steinhoff bonds.
South African retail conglomerate faces multiple probes.
Happy holidays: Kohl’s posts jump in November-December sales.
Thailand’s M&A king confirms reputation with Sabeco deal.
TCC Group’s Charoen keeps expanding, as massive land bank provides financial security.
Mothercare shares tumble on profit warning.
Sharp downturn in profits forecast after decline in festive sales.
Mothercare drops over 25% on profit warning.
Smart speaker surge set to peak in 2019.
Market is approaching saturation as consumers fill their homes with cheap devices.
Mothercare’s January blues; Babcock.
Mothercare warns on profits after poor Christmas.
Retailer says trading was ‘below expectations’ and international sales are ‘challenging’.
LG operating profit forecast to jump 84%.
China Resources Beer confirms price increases.
UK consumers spend less for fourth straight month.
Lean times for retailers as household expenditure falls 1 per cent in December.
US retailers signal they had a happy Christmas.
Sector looks to have had its best holiday season in at least six years.
China slashes number of baby formula brands.
Beijing’s move benefits big brands by giving easier access to a $20bn market.
Customer data sharing comes out of the shadows.
Companies are wrestling with the problems of complying with new EU rules.
UK retailers tell tale of two high streets.
Updates from Debenhams and Next scoured for clues on rivals’ trading.
Tesla miss; MoneyGram, Richard Cousins, drug pricing and Steinhoff in the news.
Commuters power Brompton to 15% rise in sales.
British fold-up bike maker also reports sharp jump in pre-tax profit.
Barnes & Noble shares hit near 24-year low after disappointing holiday sales.
Neiman Marcus taps ex-Ralph Lauren executive as new CEO.
Beverage maker turned blockchain company looks to raise $8m in new offering.
Tsingtao shares surge after ‘inaccurate’ report.
Stock of China’s best-known brewer climbs as much as 23% on news of price rises.
China brewers pop on report of price increases.
Billabong joins Quiksilver stable.
Oaktree Capital tightens grip on surfwear market with acquisition of second Australian brand.
Fewer shops, more homes in age of Amazon and Asos.
Debenhams shows that January is the cruellest month in retailing.
Stuart Rose: Deal or no deal.
Former M&S chief sheds light on retailer’s deal to sell its HK operation to Al-Futtaim.
MPs call for 25p ‘latte levy’ to combat UK waste.
Environmental audit committee seeks 2023 target for recycling of all paper coffee cups.
Lower traffic saps Barnes & Noble’s holiday sales.
Sears Holdings plans more than 100 new store closures.
Debenhams’ costly problems are bricks, not clicks.
Chief faces challenges in creating new format stores and ‘right sized’ old stores.
Steinhoff CFO steps down amid probe into accounting irregularities.
Group reports stabilisation in operating businesses but warns significant liquidity still required.
US urges Britain to ‘reset’ food rules after Brexit.
Trade official seeks action over sanitary standards that ban chlorine-washed chicken.
Unilever to shut historic Colman’s Mustard factory.
Site that has housed condiment production for 160 years to close next year.
Steinhoff CFO latest executive to quit South African group amid accounting scandal.
December activity in services sector picks up.
Index gains despite impact of higher oil prices and salary demands.
Nintendo’s Switch is fastest-selling console in US.
Japanese group raises sales targets for next year after beating its own decade-old record.
UK services companies signal further rise in cost pressures – IHS survey.
Debenhams shares tumble 20% on Christmas warning.
Blow to turnround plans of retailer’s new chief executive Sergio Bucher.
Whitbread picks Adam Crozier as new chairman.
Owner of Costa Coffee and Premier Inn faces calls from investors to break up business.
Debenhams shares plunge 21% on post-Christmas profit warning.
Fat Cat Thursday; What Adam Crozier did next; Debs’ January share sales.
Aldi reports bumper Christmas in UK.
Debenhams shares plunge 20% on Christmas warning.
Department store chain says festive trading was ‘disappointing’ despite markdowns.
Why bother with the January sale?
Forget the so-called bargains and declutter your wardrobe instead.
Cinema companies hope to hit big time in Saudi Arabia.
World’s biggest operators plan openings in a market that has been closed for 35 years.
Declining sales leave Rite Aid shares woozy.
City reprieve on Mifid is practical, not farcical.
Last-minute move to give exchanges extra time begs question on next opt-outs.
Turkey: tourist tap.
Tourism numbers are up, but the recovery in revenues has been slow.
Share buyback mathematics still work well for the fashion retailer.
Meituan-Dianping starts up ride-sharing app.
Chinese consumer app recruits users and drivers to take on market leader Didi Chuxing.
Fortunes of gaming operators depend on mainlanders’ freedom to spend.
Next credits cold snap for Christmas sales boost.
Clothing chain offers note of optimism as full-price sales rise 1.5% in festive run-up.
UK high street retailers boosted by positive Next update.
Next… try following that; Oops, Carillion did it again.
Next signals brighter profits after strong Christmas.
Cold weather led to unexpectedly strong sales in run-up to holidays.
Champagne v prosecco: the battle of the bubbles.
Italian challengers could leave French producers concentrating on premium market.
DJ Khaled tips the scales for Weight Watchers.
Steinhoff will have to restate 2015 accounts.
S African retailer admits irregularities began at least a year earlier than was said.
PAI Partners in talks to buy packaging group Albéa.
Deal worth $1.5bn comes as record amounts of capital being raised from investors.
Is Target on Amazon’s 2018 wish list?
M&S sells Hong Kong business to franchise partner.
Sale to Dubai conglomerate Al-Futtaim is part of turnround plan.
Cousins’ loss felt beyond Compass points.
Steinhoff says accounting problems stretch back further than 2016.
Tough, unshowy Yorshireman was rated by investors as one of the UK’s ablest executives.
Clothes company backs humans over sewing robots.
Hong Kong’s Crystal Group says machines cannot compete on costs in developing markets.
Trump says US Post should charge Amazon more.
Criticism of delivery deal is latest presidential jab at ecommerce company.
US retail’s tough relationship with private equity.
FT research shows many of the largest leveraged buyouts in the sector over the past decade have either defaulted, gone bankrupt or are in distress.
China cruises struggle through political squalls.
Operators cut back as travel restrictions and falling prices weigh on revenues.
London-based art fund targets $1bn lending in Asia.
Group says increasing concentration of western art holdings in region offers opportunity.
Bigger fines urged for employers who underpay staff.
David Metcalf, director of labour market enforcement, calls for more responsibility.
Retailers grapple with tough Christmas trading.
Online growth unlikely to offset fall in shoppers going to sales.
Chinese contractor sued over $3.5bn Bahamas resort.
Local developer alleges group intentionally delayed project and charged fraudulent fees.
Traditional US retailers gain on holiday sales hopes.
Kohl’s and Macy’s lead charge but Apple falls back on fears over iPhone sales.
High street suffers as Boxing Day shoppers stay home.
Stores hope online sales and overseas visitors make up for lower footfall.
Carlsberg turns to AI to help develop beers.
Brewer sees potential applications beyond drinks and is debating creating rare spin-off.
Younger consumers drive shift to ethical products.
From free-range meat to vegan haircare, demand for sustainable goods is rising.
The year’s biggest news from activist investors to the break-up of Murdoch’s empire and the world’s biggest flotation.
Ladbrokes Coral agrees £4bn takeover by GVC.
Final price for UK bookmaker to depend on outcome of gambling review.
EU probes Chinese electric bicycle imports.
Commission will examine whether manufacturers are being given illegal state support.
Lotte Group founder convicted on corruption charges.
China’s bike-sharing market rides on, despite wobbles.
Ofo and Mobike at vanguard as numbers soar, but profitability concerns persist.
Retailers respond to rise of renting clothes.
Changing consumer habits lead to altered shop layouts and special deals.
UK department stores hunker down for tough Christmas.
John Lewis considers further job cuts, while other chains reassess outdated formats.
China’s ‘pigless villages’ tame volatile pork cycle.
Nationwide pigsty demolitions leave farmers without income.
Papa John’s founder steps aside as pizza chain’s chief executive.
Nike sales grow despite North American stumble.
Toys R Us feel-good ending is a pension fairy tale.
The Pension Protection Fund fought for employees’ interests over its own.
Co-op Group sells remaining Manchester property.
Mutual sells to Hermes as it focuses on its core retail business.
Last-minute deal saves Toys R Us UK from administration.
Retailer agrees £9.8m payment to plug pension gap over next three years.
Toys R Us UK saved from collapse in eleventh hour deal.
Pension Protection Fund makes last minute decision to support restructuring proposals.
Long Island Ice Tea firm’s shares spike 500% on blockchain name switch.
Soft drink maker will change its name to Long Blockchain Corp.
Asahi/Tsingtao: falling flat.
Fosun will do little to improve the Chinese brewer’s fortunes; it should have paid more.
Dunelm names Nick Wilkinson as chief executive.
Nomad in talks to buy Goodfella’s Pizza for £200m.
Portfolio already includes Bird’s Eye fish fingers brand.
Tencent positions itself to square up to Alibaba.
Pony Ma’s group looks to be taking on rival more directly with ecommerce deals.
William Hill anoints industry veteran as chairman.
Bookie makes changes at the top to prepare for period of rapid change.
Toys R Us seeks pension compromise in crisis talks.
UK arm of toy retailer offers concessions ahead of crucial creditor vote.
ECJ puts some fizz in German retail market with ‘Champagner Sorbet’ decision.
Cereal helps feed General Mills sales growth.
Fosun snaps up Tsingtao stake and eyes La Perla
The $847m deal will make Fosun the second-largest shareholder in the Chinese brewer.
Tesco-Booker merger wins final approval from CMA.
William Hill appoints new chairman.
Elliott takes ownership of HNA shares in Dufry.
Transfer of stock sheds light on complex dealings backing China group’s global M&A.
The long and short of H&M’s travails.
Concerns rise that family-controlled Swedish retailer needs radical change.
S Korea cosmetics, tourism stocks fall after China tour ban report.
Old Mutual star Buxton looks to Jupiter trajectory.
But for whom is the £600m deal more gold than myrrh?
Higher prices help Carnival offset hurricanes hit.
Cruise operator reports eighth consecutive quarter of rising revenues.
Toys R Us UK on brink of administration.
PPF will vote against restructuring unless retailer stumps up £9m for retirement fund.
Steinhoff lenders withdraw support.
Shares fall further after company and bankers discuss accounting scandal.
Steinhoff appoints COO acting chief executive.
Hugo Boss shares lifted by reports of CEO optimism.
‘Retail apocalypse’ trade prompts contrarian bets.
Some hedge funds start to see value in shares of battered bricks-and-mortar stores.
EU and disassembling Ikea’s tax-driven structure.
Flat-pack retailer set up multi-prong empire to preserve control and lower tax.
Thai companies spill out of volatile home market to go abroad.
Local groups look to diversify from nation’s small economy and political risk.
Campbell Soup and Hershey snap up snacks groups.
Deals add to consolidation in food industry being transformed by changing tastes.
SkinnyPop maker shares rocket on Hershey deal.
Ikea’s tax arrangements investigated by EU.
Competition regulator probes Dutch rulings that allowed flat-pack retailer to cut bills.
Campbell Soup to buy Kettle chips maker for $4.9bn.
Tencent and JD.com to invest $863m in Chinese online retailer Vipshop.
The Japanese company that ordered staff to speak English.
How ‘Englishnization’ changed Rakuten.
JD.com joins China automated shopping push.
Group to open hundreds of cashier-free shops as tech-savvy consumers embrace concept.
Christmas shoppers show caution amid price squeeze.
Economists question how long it will be before inflation hits consumer spending.
Nelson Peltz secures board seat at P&G.
Activist investor claims his prize after proxy battle ended in an effective draw.
P&G appoints Nelson Peltz to board.
One of largest and most expensive proxy battles in corporate America comes to an end.
KKR snaps up Unilever’s spreads in €7bn deal.
End of an era for group created from merger of Margarine Unie and Lever Brothers.
Beware of executives reliant on share-backed loans.
Banks unlikely to recover €1.6bn lent to billionaire biggest shareholder of Steinhoff.
The fashion group urgently needs to rethink its physical store footprint.
S African watchdog to probe Deloitte’s Steinhoff audit.
Big Four firm faces questions after retailer discovers ‘accounting irregularities’.
KKR wins auction for Unilever spreads business.
Frank Lowy, dealmaker who helped reshape retail.
Holocaust survivor who built mall empire steps back with $24.7bn Unibail-Rodamco deal.
Sandwich slices: the working lives behind Pret A Manger and Greggs.
It takes hundreds of people to make every Christmas lunch sandwich or sausage roll. Who are they?
H&M shares slide after unexpected sales fall.
Swedish fashion retailer has been struggling with shift to online shopping.
Ryanair to recognise pilot unions in bid to avoid strikes.
Abrupt reversal comes after threat of flight disruption in busy holiday season.
H&M down 12% on weak sales quarter.
Tech groups vie for edge in Indonesian payments.
Tencent-backed Go-Jek snaps up 3 fintech players as rivals push into burgeoning market.
Newcastle Utd sale held up by relegation concerns.
Questions persist about value of football club if it loses Premier League status.
The economist’s guide to Christmas.
My three-point plan for a more efficient holiday season.
Christmas is coming — and it’s getting more expensive.
No wonder the discount supermarkets with their weird brands are coining it in.
Wall St banks braced for €1bn loss on Steinhoff slide.
BofA, Citigroup and Goldman exposed on loan to billionaire Wiese secured by stock.
Li & Fung jumps 7% on $1.1bn asset sale.
Bankers pay a price for selfless acts of kindness.
Lenders will find little cheer in new FCA rules for struggling credit card users.
Costco profit benefits from higher membership fees.
Huishan Dairy appoints provisional liquidators.
Steinhoff chairman Christo Wiese resigns amid accounts scandal.
Disney/Fox: an empire strikes back.
Entertainment group too strong for $66bn deal to be described as defensive — it is certainly reactive.
Four Seasons wins late reprieve on debt repayment.
UK’s largest care home operator given until February to agree restructuring.
Sports Direct shares take a hit as debt swells.
Mike Ashley’s contrarian bets on the British high street weigh on retailer.
Consumers splash the cash on Black Friday offers.
Economists unsure how November sales are affecting end-of-year spending patterns.
Li & Fung selling struggling division for $1.1bn.
Disney-Fox fairytale; ‘Spectacular’ Sports Direct; Ocado.
Steinhoff tumbles again as accounting scandal spreads.
Australia’s Myer tumbles to record low after pre-Christmas profit warning.
Sports Direct highlights ‘spectacular’ performance despite 67% profits drop.
Rakuten mulls becoming Japan’s fourth mobile carrier.
Sberbank and Yandex finalise $1bn ecommerce JV.
Russian search group and bank aim to create full-service online retailer.
Renault backs publisher ahead of driverless future.
Carmaker expects passengers to want to read as cars pilot themselves.
Sports Direct investors block £11m award to Ashley’s brother.
Retailer revealed pay shortfall after probe into family business arrangement.
Dixons Carphone: monthly ailments.
The retailer’s mobile phone business needs a rethink.
Target buys Instacart rival for $550m in same-day delivery drive.
Dixons Carphone climbs on mobile unit rejig.
Shares jump as retailer looks to cut costs and lift profits with overhaul.
Tui installs Brexit ‘contingency plans’ as profits rise.
Strong demand for hotels and cruises drives 12% earnings growth.
Dixons Carphone shares pop over 7% higher on plans for mobile rejig.
Dixons to ring the changes at Carphone Warehouse.
Germany’s Metro targets profit boost after ‘eventful’ year.
Discrimination wanes against women in family business.
Demographics and better education are helping to end the desire to find a male heir.
Tesla shares rev up as Pepsico pre-orders 100 semi trucks.
Westfield sells to Unibail to create $72bn mall group.
Unibail-Rodamco’s $25bn deal for Australia’s Westfield to forge 104-property company.
Sberbank and Alibaba abandon joint venture talks.
Efforts to form ecommerce tie-up shelved after year of discussions.
Unibail/Westfield: momentum trade.
Scale is the best way for bricks-and-mortar retailers to defend their position.
intendo’s Switch console sales hit 10m.
Success of hybrid gaming device marks comeback for Japanese group.
Odds against pachinko to steer clear of gambling rules.
Japan no longer seems willing to overlook truth about vertical pinball and slot-machine.