Elon Musk Has Made $3.5 Million Selling Flamethrowers.
India to Regain Title of Fastest Growing Economy.
US Consumer Spending Rose in December, Saving Rate Dipped.
Japan raps Coincheck, orders broader checks after $530 million cryptocurrency theft.
SP revises European Union credit rating to 'AA' from 'AA+'.
India gets $1 billion loan from World Bank for solar mission.
Puerto Rico will default on $1 billion of debt on Friday.
UK shares and pound continue to recover.
Brexit cost investors $2 trillion, the worst one day drop ever.
UK's Osborne: 'Absolutely' going to have to cut spending, raise taxes.
British pound could hit history-making dollar parity by end of 2016.
Siemens freezes new UK wind power investment following Brexit vote.
Barclays and RBS shares suspended from trading after tanking more than 8%
Sterling dips below Friday's 31-year low amid Brexit uncertainty.
Economists predict UK recession, further weakening of Pound following Brexit.
Nigel Farage has said Britain is heading for a mild recession but says it has nothing to do with Brexit. The victorious Leave campaigner rejected warnings that leaving the European Union would have dire consequences for the UK economy, even as markets were rocked by Thursdays result.
Prices have increased by 14,000%-19,000% in four years in Venezuela.
Global stock markets lost $2 trillion in value after Britain voted to leave the European Union.
Worlds 400 Richest People Lose $127 Billion on Brexit.
London markets lose $164B in 600 seconds.
$70 billion wiped off the Australian sharemarket as a result of Brexit.
Murdoch's News Corp buys 72 regional newspapers for $37 million.
7-Eleven operator handed record penalty of more than $400,000 for systematically exploiting staff.
Nike becomes suspected player in alleged $150 million FIFA bribery scandal.
Fifa crisis: South Africa 'admits $10m football payout'.
Womans fight against genital mutilation, honor killing gets big boost from Google boss: Ayaan Hirsi Ali won over Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt, along with his personal pledge of $100,000, in her fight to put a stop to female genital mutilation and honor killings..
Fifa corruption: Sepp Blatter's right-hand man Jerome Valcke 'sent' $10m payment to Jack Warner in letter from the South African FA.
Gazans squeezed by triple taxes as Hamas replaces lost income
Australia taxes foreign home buyers as affordability bites - Sydney is imposing new taxes on foreigners buying homes as concerns grow that a flood of mostly Chinese investors is crowding out locals and killing the "Great Australian Dream" of owning property.
Microsoft avoids paying 100m a year in UK corporation tax.
Canada willingly makes tax deals with tax havens. Billions of dollars are moving out of Canada  nearly all tax free  with 92 tax treaties signed.
LEGO donates 600 million DKK (90.7 million USD) to new children's hospital in Copenhagen.
$40 billion aid to Israel is 'largest ever' to any country, says Susan Rice.
$28 bln invested in cluster weapon producers in 4 years - Report finds 158 financial institutions involved in funding production of weapons, despite intl law banning cluster bombs.
Muslim villagers donate money to build church for Christian community in Pakistan.
The Australian government will establish a special $1 billion fund to protect the Great Barrier Reef from the ravages of climate change and declining water quality.
Sepp Blatter and Deputies Arranged Huge Payouts After Indictments, FIFA Says: FIFA said three former top officials arranged to pay themselves more than $80 million over the past five years.
India's PM Modi inaugurates $290m dam in Afghanistan.
Russia, China Ready to Invest in Bolivia Amid Economic Stability  Morales: The president pointed out that Russia and China never imposed conditions for their investments, as opposed to the United States that offered loans in exchange for privatization of Bolivian companies and natural resources.
Tiger temple scandal exposes the shadowy billion-dollar Asian trade: 'There are more than 7,000 tigers being bred in captivity in 240 farms in SE Asia. China has 5,000 captive tigers, Thailand 1,450, Vietnam 180 and Laos around 400.'
Switzerland rejects proposals for unconditional basic income by overwhelming majority.
World's wealthiest people just got 5.2% wealthier | Business.
China Approves $15 Billion of Green Debt in Pollution Fight.
UK bankers increased lobbying efforts in 2016, spending over $38 Million a year to influence EU lawmakers: Report.
US returns over 200 artifacts worth more than $100 million to India ; Included in the collection is a bronze sculpture of the Hindu god Ganesh estimated to be 1,000-year-old
67% Increase in Mexican Multi-Millionaires Under Pea Nieto.Mexico is the second largest economy in Latin America and also one of the most unequal countries in the world. An estimated 61 million live in poverty.
India to invest $500 million in Iran port.
Paris Google HQ raided in tax probe.
Japan: Employment rate at 97.3% for new University graduates - record high.
Citibank to pay $425 million over attempted benchmark manipulation.
A French company that was awarded the right to build Australia's $50 billion submarine fleet is tied up in a deadly multi-million dollar bribery scandal.
Panama Papers confirm Canadian billionaire and university benefactor as mystery man in global bribery case.
France will "go all the way" to ensure that multinationals operating on its soil pay their taxes and more cases could follow after Google and McDonald's were targeted by tax raids, Finance Minister Michel Sapin said.
Britain is the most corrupt country in the world, claims mafia expert Roberto Saviano: 'Its not the bureaucracy, its not the police, its not the politics but what is corrupt is the financial capital'.
North Korea Linked To $81 Million Bangladesh Bank Heist.
Foreign-connected PACs spent $10 million on the US election so far: It isnt only American companies and unions that spend money on the US election, subsidiaries of European firms also make themselves heard. The biggest spenders so far are a Swiss bank and a British defense company.
Big Pharma and governments are 'turning a blind eye to corruption', report claims: Transparency International says corruption is making a few rich and wrecking the health of some of the world's poorest people.
Revealed: cancer scientists' pensions invested in tobacco.
Australia to lift minimum wage by 2.4%, an increase to $17.70 per hour.
Disabled people who cannot work must be given minimum wage - Prime Minister of Malta.
1.4 billion yen ($12.7 million) stolen from 1,400 convenience store ATMs across Japan in the space of two hours
Robin Hood hacker donates $11,000 of stolen bitcoin to help fight ISIS.
Bayer offers 42 Billion to purchase Monsanto. Agricultural mega merger looms.
High pay for bosses hurting economy says senior Bank of England official.
Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation divests entire holding in BP: Worlds largest health charity sells its $187m stake in the oil giant in a move welcomed by fossil fuel divestment campaigners.
Banks Sued by Investor Over Agency-Bond Rigging Claims.Depending on the securities that are included, the market could range from $9 trillion to $15 trillion."Defendants scheme was driven by greed and opportunity,".
US raises China steel taxes by 522%
Spain's debt now worth more than value of the economy.
Revealed: Saudi Arabia owns $117 billion of U.S. debt.
Bell offers $1M settlement to Yellowknife man, northern customers over 911 fees. a class-action lawsuit against the company in 2007 over its 75-cent monthly fee for 911 emergency phone service  a service that doesn't exist.
Tens of thousands of protesters took to the Roman streets Saturday to protest against the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). Holding signs that said "Stop TTIP" and "Not capital, but people,"
Offshore finance: more than 12tn siphoned out of emerging countries.
Most of Greek bailout money went to banks - according to new study by the European School of Management and Technology.
Saudi Arabia takes out $10bn in bank loans.
France bill McDonald's $341 million for unpaid taxes on profits believed to have been funneled through Luxembourg, Switzerland.
Blow for Pope's reforms as audit into Vatican finances forced to halt.
Super rich who hide money in tax havens to be unmasked.
David Cameron will not be investigated over off-shore trust and tax affairs by parliamentary watchdog.
The Fallout From the Panama Papers in Hong Kong - The timing of an expos in a Hong Kong newspaper &amp; an editors firing has angered some journalists.
Chinese Investors Reeling After Wealth Management Firm's Collapse.
Australia is buying 12 new submarines from France for $39 billion.
Islamic State: Up to $800m of funds 'destroyed by strikes'.
Tokyo Olympics: 1.3m payment to secret account raises questions over 2020 Games.
Islamic State yearly oil revenue halved to $250 million: U.S. official.
Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull named in Panama Papers.
Panama Papers include dozens of Americans tied to financial frauds.
Russia Arrests Scientologist for Stealing $2 Million and Giving to Church.
Russia and Syria sign deals worth $850 million to restore Syrian infrastructure.
TTIP: UK Government did just one assessment of trade deal and found it had 'lots of risks and no benefit'.
Emission cheating costs VW $18 billion.
Thousands of Germans Protest TTIP Trade Deal Before Obama Visit.
Japan OKs recognizing virtual currencies as similar to real money.
India, France launch $1 trillion potential solar programme for developing countries.
Brazil has said it repatriated $125m (86m) last year siphoned off to foreign bank accounts by corrupt officials, politicians and businessmen.
Marguerite Barankitse, Burundi humanitarian who saved 30,000 lives, awarded inaugural Aurora Prize in Armenia worth $1.1 million.
Poland's ex-leaders say new govt is demolishing democracy - Prominent former leaders accuse right-wing govt of demolishing countrys democracy &amp; its international standing. Urging lawmakers to disregard what they call the draconian new legislation the govt is proposing.
India revokes passport of tycoon who owes $1 billion.
Kenya Burns Elephant Ivory Worth $105 Million to Defy Poachers.
Obama-Netanyahu rift impedes U.S. offer of record $40 billion aid deal for Israel: "American officials have balked as their Israeli counterparts insisted on more generous terms for a new 10-year military aid package".
Debt Collectors Adopt Mob Tactics as Russians Struggle to Pay Bills (including sexual assault).
'Let the Rich Pay More Taxes': Thousands Take to Streets in Costa Rica. Public sector workers have a long list of demands that includes salary increases, higher taxes on the wealthy, and land rights for peasants.
Leaked papers allege US intimidating EU over TTIP free trade deal: German media say secret documents reveal the US is pressuring the EU to approve a transatlantic free trade deal. The reports say Washington may block easier car exports if the EU doesn't open up its agricultural market.
Massive oil theft by pirates costs Nigeria $1.5 billion every month.
Tax havens have no justification, say top economists, calling for their abolition | More than 300 economists are urging world leaders at a London summit this week to recognise that there is no economic benefit to tax havens, demanding that the veil of secrecy that surrounds them be lifted.
Most of Greek bailout money went to banks: study.
An investigative economist has crunched 45 years of official statistics to discover just how much kleptocrats have plundered from 150 mostly poor nations.
Iceland president's wife linked to offshore tax havens in leaked files | News.
Scientists win $3 million for detecting Einstein's waves.
European Commission says EU states refusing to take refugees will have to pay 250,000 euros per person.
Norway's $872-billion sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, said it would press U.S. oil majors ExxonMobil and Chevron to do more to report on the risks of climate change.
The Super Rich Were the First to Bail During the Financial Crisis - Bloomberg.
A Sydney woman who mistakenly had $4.6 million transferred into her bank account has been arrested at Sydney International Airport while attempting to leave the country.
Seven of the world's biggest banks have agreed to pay $324 million to settle a private U.S. lawsuit accusing them of rigging an interest rate benchmark used in the $553 trillion derivatives market.
Panama paper trail goes online with massive searchable database.
Panama Papers Source Wants Whistleblower Immunity to Aid Law Enforcement
India plans to spend $6 billion on creating new forests.
US spent $1.4B+ on abstinence programs in Africa over 12 yrs. Study finds programs failed.
Goldman Sachs has agreed to pay more than $5 billion to settle charges it sold mortgages it knew were likely to fail during the housing bubble heydays of 2005-2007.
Ecuador's President Demands Release of All the Panama Papers.
David Cameron says it is 'unfair' to criticise British-controlled tax havens.
UK Jeremy Corbyn found to have overpaid tax... after the Sun newspaper tried to smear the Labour leader.
IMF warns of fresh financial crisis
Swiss banking whistleblower claims the CIA are behind the Panama Papers leak.
BP CEO to receive 20% pay rise to $20m/14m.
Canada's Liberal government accused of lying about $15-billion Saudi arms deal.
US corporations have $1.4tn hidden in tax havens, claims Oxfam report.
Fast food workers and union members have held a protest at a McDonald's restaurant at Disneyland Paris to demand higher wages and an end to the use of tax havens by multinational corporations.
The charity GiveDirectly has just announced it will begin testing universal basic income by spending an estimated $30 million on providing it to 6,000 Kenyans.
Lausanne, Switzerland is joining the growing list of places looking to experiment with a universal basic income
Ed Miliband says Panama Papers show wealth does not trickle down.
Average house price in Canada jumps 15% to $508,567 in March.
Saudi Arabia said on Thursday that $681m (479m) transferred into Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razaks personal bank account was a genuine donation.
Spanish Minister Resigns After Alleged links to Panama Papers.
Russia FSB raids offices of billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov whose newspaper published 'Panama Papers'.
Norway's $860 Billion Fund Drops 52 Companies Linked to Coal.
Putin admits Panama Papers 'accurate,' blames US.
Russia is running out of money.
Growing wealth inequality 'dangerous' threat to democracy: experts.
BP CEO to get $3.3 million raise after 12,000 layoffs.
Saudi Arabia has told the Obama administration that it will sell off hundreds of billions of dollars worth of American assets held by the kingdom if Congress passes a bill that would allow the Saudi government to be held responsible in American courts for any role in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Massive Investment Fund Drops Eleven Companies Linked to Destructive Environmental Practices.
Nearly half of British public think all tax returns should be made public.
How the Panama Papers revealed Nazi-looted art.
IMF: Inflation in Venezuela is projected to increase 481% this year and by a staggering 1,642% next year.
Shanghai: People Who Fail to Visit Parents Can Be Sued, Will Have Credit Scores Lowered.
EU unveils plan to force Facebook, Google and Amazon to pay their fair share of tax.
Global Fisheries are collapsing. Some stocks depleted already by 85%
CIA middlemen and other spies used Panama Papers law firm to hide activities, report says
Most of World Bank's Private Investments Linked to Tax Havens
Canadian Government offers up to $5 Million for whistle blowers after the release of the Panama Papers.
A top African (Nigerian) prophet and televangelist - T.B. Joshuas shell company in offshore tax haven revealed in PanamaPapers.
Panama Papers: HMRC chief was partner at law firm that acted for David Cameron offshore fund.
UK - Dennis Skinner kicked out of Commons for Cameron jibe over tax
Fifty four large investors managing 1 trillion pounds ($1.41 trillion) in assets have launched a campaign to curb the use of antibiotics in the meat and poultry.
HSBC, Coutts &amp; Rothschild: British banks help the 1% evade tax, Panama Papers suggest.
The leaders of every major Scottish political party publish their tax returns.
Panama Leaks Demand Coordinated Regulator Response, Denmark Says.
Cameron releases tax returns information in unprecedented move following row over his financial affairs.
Cameron admits he mishandled Panama Papers row.
Police raid El Salvador branch of Panama Papers law firm
Former Governor of Iceland's Central Bank now named in the Panama Papers.
Trudeau says he has no money in offshore accounts.
David Cameron admits he did have a stake in father Ian Cameron's offshore investment fund.
UK's biggest male rape charity Survivors UK has state funding slashed to zero despite 120% rise in men reporting sexual violence and seeking help
The world is sinking under too much debt and an ageing global population means countries' debt piles are in danger of growing out of control, the European chief executive of Goldman Sachs Asset Management has warned.
Huge and growing debt  and not enough young working people to pay it down  is threatening to crush the global economy, a Goldman Sachs executive is warning.
Li Hejun -- the Chinese billionaire who supposedly lost $15 billion in an hour -- actually bet on his company's stock failing. He short-sold more than 800 million shares just days before the stock plummeted.
Bank of England secretly researching the financial shocks that could hit Britain if there is a vote to leave the EU: News of undercover project emerges after Bank staff accidentally email details to the Guardian including PR notes on how to deny its existence
A Chinese App That Steals Wifi Passwords Just Raised $50 Million
Gaza economy 'on verge of collapse', with world's highest unemployment - World Bank report says Israeli blockades, war and poor governance have left 43% of people out of work &amp; the strip facing dangerous financial crisis
China's richest man lost $15 billion in one hour
Russian President Vladimir Putin has demanded the timely repayment of all debts owed to it by Ukraine while criticising the latter's move to impose moratorium on state debt repayment.
Banks fined $5.7bn over foreign exchange rigging - live updates | Regulators are announcing penalties against some of the worlds biggest banks for their role in manipulating the foreign exchange markets.
Five banks to pay fines totalling $5.7bn over foreign exchange rate manipulation
India announces $1 billion credit line to Mongolia
India and China sign $22bn-worth of deals as Modi ends visit
Venezuelan currency tanks; inflation seen near 100%
Russia's economy falls in first quarter as woes mount
Banks want assurances from U.S. regulators that they will not be barred from certain businesses before agreeing to plead guilty to criminal charges over the manipulation of foreign exchange rates, causing a delay in multibillion-dollar settlements
PayPal has blocked an account set up by Russian opposition activists to raise funds for a report alleging Russian military involvement in the Ukraine war, citing the political nature of the donation campaign
JP Morgan Chase, Barclays, other banks likely to plead guilty over manipulation of foreign exchange rates
Greece has revealed it is to introduce a surcharge for all cashpoint withdrawals and financial transactions in a desperate attempt to prevent citizens withdrawing their money from the country's beleaguered banks.
Indian Prime Minister Modi launches 3 mega social security schemes, says they are meant to empower the poor
EU to investigate claims McDonald's avoided $1bn in tax
Venezuela announces 30% increase in minimum wage
Former chief of France's far-right Front National, Jean-Marie Le Pen, hid 2.2 mn euros in Swiss account: Le Pen "kept a hidden account at HSBC, as well as the (private Swiss) CBH bank through a trust placed under the legal responsibility of his butler, Gerald Gerin," the investigative website said.
"One of Greece's largest banks says it will wipe away the debts of clients who owe up to 20,000 euros ($21,600)"
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev gave the first official Russian estimate of the cost Western sanctions will exact on Russia's economy in 2015--$106 billion
One-man home trader 'helped to trigger 500BILLION stock market crash from this Hounslow semi': London man held for causing 'Wall Street chaos'
Russian Trade With the World Falls 30% as Economic Crisis Deepens
Bell faces $750-million lawsuit over tracking of customers cellphone Internet usage
Japan overtakes China as top holder of US Treasury Debt
Swiss Banks are Trying to Strong-Arm American Clients into Divulging Offshore Wealth to Avoid Massive Fines
Bridgewater investment chief sees new era of volatility.
World’s biggest hedge fund expects end of easy money to trigger market ‘shakeout’.
Citigroup to set up innovation centre in London.
Decision is boost for UK’s fintech sector ahead of Brexit.
ETFs smash through $5tn barrier after record month.
Tectonic shift causes profound changes across global asset management industry.
Brussels warns UK asset managers of Brexit shutout.
Letter from European Commission tells fund companies to act now.
A 1% fee wipes £100,000 from a £100,000 investment.
Mifid II shines light on the murky costs that come on top of ongoing charges.
Amundi targets place in top-tier global asset managers.
French group reports strong profits growth and raises 2020 targets.
Fund manager’s plan to go it alone comes to fruition.
Greg Coffey is planning to open a $2bn emerging market-focused fund in London.
Fidelity bans retail investors from trading short volatility.
American Express GBT to buy Hogg Robinson for £410m.
Proposed tie-up pushes UK group’s shares 50% higher.
BoE’s Cunliffe warns of fallout from changing ‘delegation’ rules post-Brexit.
Asset managers: a fitting conclusion.
For large institutions this is a time to avoid investments that track others.
Market upheaval gives active managers chance to shine.
Return of hedge fund guru comes as volatility presents opportunities.
BofA hires Morgan Stanley dealmaker to co-head UK and Ireland corporate and investment bank.
Bitcoin dives as regulators call for cryptos to be reined in.
Central bankers fear risk of contagion into financial mainstream.
French asset manager Amundi lifts 2020 profit target.
FCA’s Andrew Bailey: Why regulators are examining fund managers.
The regulator discusses the renewed focus on the investment industry.
Virtu shares leap after earnings beat and volatility returns.
Bundesbank’s Dombret urges UK banks to hasten Brexit plans.
KKR earnings fall short, but AUM hits $168bn.
RBS chair hits back against allegations of misleading UK parliament.
China fines payments companies for forex breaches.
Alibaba, Tencent transactions draw scrutiny amid crackdown on capital flight.
Reits investors locked out over EU rules confusion.
Platforms divided over whether property funds are covered by Priips legislation.
Cboe says no major impact expected from Vix products’ demise.
UK stocks join global rebound but still lag behind.
Fears over the comparative economic outlook leave London markets out of favour.
US DoJ leads global arrests in bust of cyber crime ring.
Gang with slogan ‘In Fraud We Trust’ stole identities and credit card data.
European VC groups struggle to attract investors.
Brexit worries weigh on fundraisings while foreign investors key for biggest deals.
KPMG review of Dubai-based PE firm Abraaj reveals no misuse of funds.
Swiss regulator in contact with Credit Suisse over Vix-related products.
Star fund manager leaves over ‘professional conduct issue’.
Philip Rodrigs exits River & Mercantile Asset Management after internal investigation.
Four Seasons closer to control by biggest creditor.
Care home chain has £525m of net debt, mostly owned by hedge fund H/2 Capital Partners.
CBOE fall deepens on concerns short-vol woes will hit Vix franchise.
JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs cut CBOE rating on concerns of lower Vix futures, options volume.
Star analyst Huw van Steenis leaves Schroders.
Former Morgan Stanley analyst has left just a year after he quit investment banking.
Carlyle latest PE group to post upbeat earnings, AUM.
Edmond de Rothschild nets €345m for biotech fund.
Fundraising comes as private-equity unit looks to spin out from parent company.
Brexit and financial regulation, Wells Fargo sanctions and Moody's forecasts.
Macquarie: Aussie rules.
This is not the time to buy into the Australian bank.
Bitcoin freeloads on institutions’ trust, warns BIS.
Cryptocurrency is ‘a Ponzi scheme and an environmental disaster’ says Agustín Carstens.
Investec to appoint co-CEOs amid changing of the guard.
Longstanding management team to move to non-executive roles.
BNP Paribas Q4 results miss estimates on weak trading.
Bank confirms 2020 targets on back of faster growth in Europe.
Baillie Gifford’s core clients switch to passive funds.
Top active manager suffers net outflow of £9bn in pension fund assets between 2015-17.
System outages leave retail investors fuming.
Customers shut out of accounts during markets maelstrom.
FCA chief urges EU regulator pact on transition.
Andrew Bailey seeks memorandum of understanding to help exit from bloc.
Designs on Carillion expose uncomfortable parallels.
The buyout approach to business is not hugely different to that of many outsourcers.
Eurazeo merges with rival Idinvest Partners.
Tie-up of private equity groups aims to target tech sector in France and Europe.
Tel Aviv exchange eyes foreign owner ahead of IPO.
Sale of 72% stake comes after decision last year to demutualise.
A ban on certain bitcoin purchases makes sense.
The move from the UK lender helps as part of its role in fraud prevention.
Banks divided on cryptocurrencies card purchases.
UK banks may follow move by Lloyds after sharp fall in value of bitcoin.
Chinese capital controls hit Silicon Valley investors.
Beijing policy makes it harder to move money out of China and into US dollars.
Bitcoin falls to lowest level since November.
Esma receives wave of responses to CFD clampdown.
Frantic lobbying by trading platforms sparks ‘unprecedented’ reaction to consultation.
‘Wizard of Oz’ plans return with $2bn hedge fund.
Ex-GLG and Moore Capital star trader Coffey was once among world’s top performers.
US pressure over EU plan for change to fund rules.
Brussels warned over new ‘delegation’ regime that could hit non-European centres.
Stock lending by ETF operators worries investors.
Fund managers must take care over quality of collateral.
Index trackers deny any ‘abdication’ of stewardship role.
Automatic stock inclusion complicates oversight on corporate governance standards.
ETF growth is ‘in danger of devouring capitalism’.
The rise of passive investment vehicles is reshaping the finance industry.
Abraaj asks KPMG to look at healthcare fund.
Buyout group seeks to reassure investors that money has not been misused.
Greybull circles Carillion assets.
Former Monarch Airlines owner looks at potential acquisitions from collapsed outsourcer.
Finance chiefs warn on Big Tech’s shift to banking.
Leading lenders fear internet giants will cherry-pick best parts of their business.
Quicken replaces Wells in US retail mortgage top spot.
Lender’s expansion comes as Wells braces for new Federal Reserve restrictions.
US mutual funds chop away the dead wood.
This time round, the cuts have more to do with a switch from active to passive.
Investors pull money out of Woodford funds.
Assets under management down almost £2bn since May following series of bad bets.
State Street ramps up pressure on executive pay.
Group will publicly demonstrate unease over lavish packages by abstaining from votes.
Vanguard hosts meeting over fund cost disclosures.
Mifid II rules spark complaints that savers are being fed misleading information.
Strong ESG policies are no protection against scandal.
BlackRock study ‘expected to find better social performance. We were wrong’.
Aberdeen Standard funds back in the doghouse.
Group has highest number of ‘dog funds’ — those that underperformed benchmark.
ICE increases stake in Euroclear to 10%.
Co-operative Bank names Bob Dench as chairman.
Hedge fund-controlled lender appoints its fourth chairman in as many years.
Provident appoints Malcolm Le May as new chief.
Decision fills void open for 5 months since subprime lender was plunged into crisis.
Provident Financial appoints former non-exec as CEO.
Malcolm Le May had been interim CEO since the death of the group’s executive chairman.
Equity fund inflows hit record as stock market sees best January since 1987.
Visa tops revenue estimates as payments grow.
MasterCard shares hit record as Q4 revenue beats estimates.
Busy holiday season boosts top line.
Alibaba takes 33% stake in Ant Financial.
Move could pave the way for IPO of Chinese payments app owner.
Adyen wins eBay contract as it lines up to float.
Dutch company already has contracts with Uber, Netflix and Facebook.
Court to hear objections to Barclays pension plans.
Staff oppose proposals to back scheme with riskier, non-ringfenced bank.
Brookfield, Onex end takeover discussions with IWG.
Pair will not make another offer to buy the UK-listed serviced office group.
PE giants Blackstone, Apollo report upbeat earnings amid strong fundraising.
Short sellers win big on Steinhoff and Carillion.
Accounting sleuths believe a downturn in credit markets will produce opportunities.
ATM operators in turmoil over Link move to cut fees.
NoteMachine delays sale while shares of other cash machine groups fall.
EU rejects Brexit trade deal for UK finance sector.
Brussels negotiators say Europe would benefit from a smaller City of London.
Distressed debt investors line up to offer HNA loans.
Chinese conglomerate seeks up to $2bn secured against Hong Kong land holdings.
Nasdaq revenues boosted by growth in non-trading businesses.
Brussels urged to clarify ‘green’ investment guidelines.
Experts panel says promoting sustainable investment is now an urgent and mainstream issue.
HSBC names Charlie Nunn as retail chief.
Robust economic growth is lifting the country’s financial sector, but as Brexit approaches, outsiders are sceptical about how much business Dublin can win from London.
Google and Facebook set off a second wave of fintech talent.
Big tech is helping to teach smaller groups to think globally.
Ireland’s growing economy encourages savers.
The nation’s GDP growth is helping lift volume and profits, but the savings gap remains wide.
BofA’s Finucane: why we picked Dublin for EU base.
The US group’s new EU bank chair explains why it chose Ireland over France or Germany.
Facebook and regulators move to halt cryptocurrency scams.
Social network says it will ban all bitcoin and initial coin offering advertising.
JPMorgan succession, probe into RBS crisis unit and Davos reflections.
Rothschild-back Augmentum plans fintech investment fund IPO.
Och-Ziff picks outsider to end CEO succession saga.
Hedge fund names former Credit Suisse banker Robert Shafir to replace founder.
Thomson Reuters: rocked dove.
If the group sells control of its struggling F&R division, an IPO is likely at some point.
Och-Ziff taps former Credit Suisse exec to succeed Dan Och as CEO.
Aviva reveals gender pay gap.
Mifid II’s cost disclosure regime muddies the waters.
Lack of common practice applying the rules makes like-for-like comparability impossible.
ETF minnows struggle to catch up to giants.
Vanguard, BlackRock and State Street dominate an industry that is tough for smaller players.
Dimon signs on for another five years at JPMorgan.
Move damps speculation about political ambitions.
JPMorgan/Dimon: shine on.
Lack of obvious heirs after string of departures leaves top tier depleted.
Dimon to remain JPMorgan chief for 5 more years.
New structure appears to scotch rumours of a move into politics.
US regulator fines European banks for ‘spoofing’.
Deutsche Bank, HSBC and UBS to pay over $40m between them for futures market abuse.
Union calls for probe of BlackRock over Carillion role.
Unison says bets were made against group while acting as its pensions investment manager.
CVC hires Rothschild for likely IPO of Sky Bet.
Float would raise up to £3bn for online gambling company.
Data errors test UK emphasis on services, says ONS.
Findings cast into doubt critical element in Brexit negotiating strategy.
Vanguard warns of growing threat in ETF market.
Asset manager fears that speculators will have more leeway to frontrun ETFs as they adjust holdings.
Coincheck quizzed over ability to cover $500m heist.
Japan’s Financial Services Agency unsure if hacked exchange is able to repay customers.
Deutsche Börse to spend €18m renovating the Frankfurt stock exchange.
UBS bankers ‘frustrated’ with growth on Wall St.
Insiders remain optimistic because of strategic hires and new global wealth business.
EasyJet CEO takes pay cut after company reveals 52% gender pay gap.
Pay of airline’s new chief Lundgren will match that of predecessor Carolyn McCall.
FCA warns on online investment scams.
UK authorities launch probe into KPMG audit of Carillion.
Investigation by FRC follows collapse of government outsourcer.
The pros and cons of IPOs in family businesses.
Research shows family-owned firms outperform benchmarks, but there are caveats.
Booming markets mask the death of the cult of equity.
Money has flooded out of global stocks over the past decade, despite record prices.
China investment analysts chase rankings glory.
Revealing outfits and cash used to attract votes as Mifid rules heighten competition.
Rising commodity prices boost UK dividends.
Payouts were aided by favourable exchange rates and a resurgence in mining sector.
Global dealmaking runs at fastest clip since 2000.
Total of $273bn in mergers and acquisitions for January is busiest since dotcom boom.
US mortgage slowdown prompts jobs alert.
Thousands of positions under threat as rising rates put brakes on refinancing volumes.
Coincheck pledges refund after $500m cryptocurrency heist.
Japanese exchange apologises after hacker steals units belonging to 260,000 customers.
Can China’s HNA survive its cash crunch?
Once the darling of Beijing’s overseas corporate expansion plan the group has fallen out of favour and faces a cash crunch.
Active fund managers beat market by just 16p for every £100 invested.
Fund houses skim off three-quarters of the value they create for pension clients.
New tax-efficient savings plans tempt Italians.
Investors inject €10bn and boost domestic funding for SMEs.
Deutsche Börse ends Asia expansion plans.
GE’s insurance liabilities return to haunt investors.
Spun-off unit paid $219m to settle suit over long-term care policies.
Investing in UK retail: Bargains or basket cases?
Fierce competition, inflation and hard-pressed consumers dominate the outlook.
Slippage causes confusion in Mifid II rules row.
Vanguard and Investment Association call on regulators to review misleading regime.
JPMorgan to launch fixed-income ETFs in London.
Asset management unit expands range of low-cost hybrid and passive products.
FCA lambasted for ‘worst financial regulation’.
Fund industry veteran calls for ‘heads to roll’ over rules on performance projections.
Citi names new head of commodities business.
Dimon raises spectre of big Brexit job moves.
FCA fines UK arm of Interactive Brokers for poor controls.
Record inflows make record year for St James’s Place.
CMC Markets reports strong end to 2017 but wary of regulatory crackdown.
Spread better increases focus on richer customers with ‘Project Tuna’.
Bitcoin, retail shares and the financial risks of being female.
Investors eye trading gold in Mifid II overhaul.
An expected cut in sellside analysts and new data offer potential opportunities.
DN Capital raises €200m to back tech start-ups.
London-based venture capital firm will invest mostly in the UK, France and Nordics.
FCA: asset managers can offer clarification of performance forecasts.
Managers concerned over potentially misleading projections required under European rules.
World’s largest ETF roars past $300bn in assets.
SSGA’s S&P 500 tracker hits milestone on its 25th birthday.
Investment funds hit by Carillion collapse.
Infrastructure vehicles exposed to PFI schemes suffer share price falls.
Blockchain can no longer be ignored.
Technology that powers cryptocurrencies has weathered a storm of opposition.
Chief of US consumer agency eyes ‘sparing’ enforcement.
Acting head tells CFPB staff that measures must be ‘the most final of last resorts’.
Move says nothing good about Twitter’s prospects and bodes well for SoFi.
Capital One swings to 4Q loss on tax impact.
Revenues roughly in line with market forecasts.
Davos news, UBS reorganisation and US bank earnings.
IG goes to battle over EU retail trading rules.
Regulators want to restrict amount customers can borrow to leverage size of a bet.
Sanctions against Russia won’t deter bond sales: Sberbank.
Placements still expected even if sanctions ramped up.
Anthony Noto leaves Twitter for top job at SoFi.
Departure of chief operating officer sends messaging platform’s shares lower.
Women face a long battle for financial equality.
There are many causes of gender wealth bias, but ignorance should not be one.
Japan bitcoin bourse group stages Europe expansion.
Exchange to offer trading of bitcoin/euro pairs after gaining Luxembourg licence.
Former KPMG partners charged with fraud.
Accountants at US regulator also indicted over sharing audit inspection data, says SEC.
Investors should be happy the bank is sticking to type-casting.
On the City and Brexit, silence is not golden.
The UK government needs to state its priorities for trade in services.
Fintech set to kick off this year’s London floats.
IntegraFin IPO understood to be a way for founding investors to cash out.
UK banking watchdog defends money laundering oversight.
Megan Butler says Financial Conduct Authority will apply new rules in a ‘thoughtful’ way.
UK shelves financial services Brexit position paper.
City accuses government of leaving it in the dark over negotiating position on trade.
Hedge fund makes $1bn bet on Barclays rebound.
New York-based Tiger Global backs strategy of bank chief Jes Staley.
UBS likely to make small acquisitions in wealth managment.
UBS to merge US, international wealth management divisions.
Credit Suisse names new heads of Asia investment banking, greater China.
The barbell effect turns companies into M&A targets.
Big deals in asset management grab the headlines but a lot goes on under the radar.
Large hidden fund charges revealed by Mifid II rules.
Janus Henderson, BlackRock and Vanguard funds cost up to four times more than thought.
Carlyle eyes $2.5bn fund for non-US oil and gas assets.
Private equity group aims to tap desire for energy investment outside US.
Making America’s asset managers great again.
Sweeping US tax reforms will boost the sector but there will be unforeseen effects.
Egerton and TCI join top 20 performing hedge funds.
Stock pickers outperform algorithms in delivering highest returns as equities rally.
US banks suffer 20% jump in credit card losses.
Rising soured debts raise concerns about the financial health of middle America.
China: market bulls beat the shorts — for now.
Big bets on the collapse of the country’s indebted economy have largely failed. Did the hedge funds misread the signs or were they just too early?
Dalian Wanda pledges to clear overseas debt as revenues drop.
Chinese group’s turnover falls 11 per cent on asset sales and credit squeeze.
Mifid II caution hits small business research.
Fund managers reluctant to use free brokerage services even though rules allow it.
SoFi approaches Twitter executive about CEO job.
Online lender’s former chief stood down under fire for workplace culture.
Melrose’s swoop for GKN has hallmarks of an old-school raid.
Bid revives the spirit of the takeover tactics used by an earlier corporate buccaneer.
Regulators meet over ‘absurd’ performance forecasts.
Esma says data were misinterpretation and do not reflect intended approach.
Secret Brexit decisions worry me — Peter Moores.
US wealth manager aims to cater for overlooked client.
Private equity investors circle collapsed Carillion.
UK construction group attracts interest from bidders seeking cheap distressed assets.
IWG gets extension on takeover talks with Brookfield.
Brookfield will now have until February 2 to make its final offer.
Home security firm ADT flops in IPO debut.
Focus on where the Chinese conglomerate gets its money.
Monzo to phase out popular prepaid cards.
Customers must upgrade to a full current account to continue to enjoy travel perks.
Synchrony Financial reports solid revenue growth.
Impact from tax changes weighs on bottom line.
Fink knows passive investing can’t outsource engagement.
BlackRock’s move to strengthen its stewardship capabilities is a start but more needs to be done.
Hong Kong to tighten scrutiny of company auditors.
Watchdog set to be made independent with new powers to impose penalties.
US banks’ vow to reward investors raises concern.
Moves to trim capital cushions while boosting payouts is worrying, say some observers.
I told you investing in bitcoin was a bad idea.
The cryptocurrency boom is as obvious a speculative mania as markets have ever seen.
Price war bites as world’s largest ETF turns 25.
State Street’s flagship SPY loses ground to BlackRock and Vanguard.
Risk, the retail investor and disastrous new rules.
Legislation designed to improve transparency is bewildering, says John Kay.
JPMorgan execs bag record pay packages.
Top brass enjoy the spoils of record annual profit and revenue.
HSBC agrees to $101.5m penalty in settlement of FX rigging case.
HSBC settles with US DoJ over attempts to manipulate FX markets.
American Express suspends buybacks after tax hit.
Credit card issuer posts quarterly loss.
Macron rejects special access for City after Brexit.
French leader invites UK to ‘be my guest’ in single market if it pays and obeys EU rules.
Bain & Co founder, William ‘Bill’ Bain, 1937-2018.
Firm has become a leading adviser to the world’s largest private equity groups.
Loan covenant quality hits weakest level on record: Moody’s.
Hedge fund Westbeck Capital to set up electric vehicle metals fund.
Comes as demand for commodities like cobalt and lithium has jumped.
Morgan Stanley hails turning point for returns.
Gorman signals acquisition appetite as bank’s market value overtakes Goldman Sachs.
Buyout specialist should try offering more stock, not cash.
Hedge fund Impala reaps benefit of commodities rebound.
Bitcoin rival’s rise unnerves banking sector.
Volatility of payment settlement group’s cryptocurrency poses questions.
Morgan Stanley profits rise despite trading woes.
Fixed income trading revenues fall nearly 50% in fourth quarter.
The real meaning of risk for retail investors: John Kay takes new regulations to task.
Tech drives consultancy work in the post-crisis era.
Helping banks adapt to disruptive change accounts for a growing share of activity.
Barclays to cut 100 senior investment bank staff.
Goldman’s trading engine sputters in calm markets.
CFO says bank needs better mix of business after first quarterly loss since 2011.
RBS unit memo told staff to let clients ‘hang themselves’.
Carillion: What’s the outlook for workers’ pensions?
28,000 savers will be affected by collapse of the construction group.
An expected IPO boom bodes well for brokerage companies such as Citic Securities.
Carillion’s fall shows dumb money knows no borders.
German banks are facing big losses as a result of the outsourcing company’s collapse.
Standard Chartered launches fintech investment unit.
Proposed Newcastle United takeover collapses.
Recruitment, Brexit and the gender pay gap.
GKN pension funds raise alarm on Melrose approach.
Trustees say they could demand extra investment if deal threatens retirement schemes.
Private debt can help drive African growth.
There are opportunities for investors that traditional capital markets cannot reach.
David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital takes small stake in Twitter.
City watchdog slammed for disclosing identity of whistleblower to RBS.
EU recommends removing Panama and 7 others from tax haven blacklist.
BlackRock chief gives companies code of conduct.
Businesses told to contribute to society and perform well or risk losing support.
Problems at the credit card business add to UK subprime lender’s woes.
Retail investors bear the brunt of Carillion losses.
Siren song of profit warnings muffled by state contracts and turnround hopes.
Trade unions warn on Carillion retirement benefits for ex-public sector workers.
City broker Arden calls for ‘further consolidation’.
Carillion – counting the cost, and the jobs.
Ashmore riding high on EM demand.
Where are all the female investors?
Investment is just for men, judging by the latest tome.
Insurers compete with fund managers for pension pots.
The £1.6tn sitting in UK defined benefit schemes is up for grabs.
Mercer to buy Japanese asset manager BFC.
Top backer of US subprime lenders looks overseas.
Victory Park points to rise in ‘underbanked’ populations around the world.
Citi reveals a gender pay gap of almost zero.
Wrecking ball swings through Russia’s private banks.
Three of the biggest have been nationalised in a year, raising questions for the central bank.
Private equity hopes flying nannies will retain women.
Groups offer to pay au pairs to fly with female staff returning from maternity leave.
Funds seek tax accord on repatriated UK cash.
Dublin and Luxembourg face $1tn hit if EU changes industry rules.
M&A in asset management sector climbs to 8-year high.
Trend of fewer but larger deals set to be followed by rise in cross-border mergers.
Nomura hires new Asia head of debt capital markets from Singapore’s Grab.
Nomura signals research shake-up as Mifid reforms bite.
Japanese bank considers restructuring operations at home and in US.
Virginie Morgon: how I took Eurazeo global.
She led the French private equity group’s most ambitious move. Soon she will be its CEO.
The irreversible rise of the investing machines.
Automation, if it drives down costs, need not be something to fear.
‘Exciting’ added to Swiss banker job description.
One of Zurich’s largest banks wants to overhaul characteristics traditionally associated with industry.
HNA offers high interest rate amid funding strain.
Chinese conglomerate is offering to pay 11% to 12% for one-year financing.
Investors lick lips as China opens to asset firms.
Foreigners will be limited to 6% slice of pie but by any measure that’s a tasty treat.
Small businesses complain at new credit card rules.
Ban on charging fees set to spur payments innovation.
Bitcoin investors struggle to cash out new fortunes.
UK mortgage lenders refuse to accept deposits because of money laundering fears.
Fink warns rate rises will swamp tax reform gains.
BlackRock’s assets hit $6.3tn as quarterly earnings are lifted by $1.2bn tax cut windfall.
UK’s FCA to probe thousands of pension advisers after Port Talbot crisis.
Shake-up for UK bank accounts comes into force.
The ‘Open Banking’ revolution in managing your personal finances.
European ETF market leaps 40% in strong showing.
We are just starting the journey the US has seen, says BlackRock senior manager.
Financial services promised priority in Brexit deal.
Theresa May holds first formal meeting with City bosses.
India bans PwC from auditing listed companies for 2 years.
Regulator rebukes firm for failing to detect $1.7bn fraud at Satyam.
Buffett’s influence at banks adds to succession risks.
Potential heirs apparent at Berkshire Hathaway do not have experience of current chief.
Young people's finances - attitudes to money and the hidden perils of shared ownership.
ETF managers must be agile, says Lyxor chief.
Confident in the future? Well, says Lionel Paquin, I have four children.
CFDs on bitcoin? You’re not sophisticated enough.
Pair have been picked to succeed Buffett but question is should there be two CEOs?
Buffett promotes potential Berkshire successors.
Abel and Jain join board as conglomerate looks to next generation.
Will banks lose out to Amazon?
Harnessing blockchain will be just one chapter of a dense book at Davos.
FCA issues warning over exposure to risky products.
Probe uncovers conflicts and risk of mis-selling in contracts for difference market.
Norway’s $1.1tn fund seeks to invest in private equity.
Sovereign wealth fund wants to find new ways to boost its returns.
Norway’s $1tn oil fund looks to begin investing in private equity.
Spread-better shares hit by latest FCA swipe at CFDs.
FCA voices ‘serious concern’ over risky tool for retail investors.
Watchdog says 76% lose money on ‘contracts for difference’.
The value of such active, and expensive, managers is not proven until a storm hits.
Ethical investing is not just for millennials.
Specialist ETFs promise to target gender equality, Christian values — or vice.
Hedge funds produce best returns in 4 years.
Strong performance from managers who bet on stocks restores optimism.
A goods-only deal would put complaints about EU rules to the test.
US tax cuts, Chinese shadow banking and US consumer lending.
Deutsche Bank: nichts neues.
Installing new management would achieve little.
UK consumer debt fuelled by safer borrowers, report says.
Findings run contrary to some economists’ fears of a surge in risky subprime lending.
FCA fines RBS trader £250k over Libor rigging.
Quant hedge funds set to pass $1tn management mark.
Growth propelled by interest in more systematic, computer-powered investment plans.
TP ICAP snaps up commodities broker SCS.
Movers & shakers, January 8.
Pension Protection Fund appoints Oliver Morley as chief executive cor.
Goldman and Franklin top worst selling fund ranking.
Weakest performers dominated by big-name houses known for picking stocks and bonds.
US expats hit as investment platform abandons funds.
Hundreds of ETFs and investment trusts fail to meet new European standards.
UK consumers spend less for fourth straight month.
Lean times for retailers as household expenditure falls 1 per cent in December.
Spread-betting rise threatened by EU rules.
UK trading platforms can no longer escape tougher than expected restrictions.
Bitcoin surge helped 2017’s best-performing ETFs.
Ark Investments’ fund that includes crypto exposure delivered total return of 87.4%.
Bull or bear? The big issues we face in 2018.
Markets appear vulnerable to temporary sell-offs as risks bubble over.
Milan moves to lure UK asset managers after Brexit.
Italians make tax changes to tempt fund company executives and portfolio heads.
Tesla miss; MoneyGram, Richard Cousins, drug pricing and Steinhoff in the news.
Mark Mobius to retire from Franklin Templeton.
Pioneer of emerging market investing ends 30-year career at US asset manager.
EM investment pioneer Mark Mobius to retire from Franklin Templeton.
Crypto cards just suffered a major setback.
Steven Maijoor, European regulator who became Mr Mifid.
European Securities and Markets Authority has been driving force behind capital markets reform.
Morgan Stanley to take $1.25bn hit from US tax reforms.
When finance becomes a beneficiary of the green agenda.
Your finances under a Labour government, new years resolutions and Champagne sales.
Former M&S chief sheds light on retailer’s deal to sell its HK operation to Al-Futtaim.
Pension deficit falls by £8bn for FTSE 350 companies.
2018 predicted to be a record year for pension risk transfer.
The private equity group’s interest is a vote of confidence in the lender’s model.
Brexit raid on a British financial success story.
Paris’s assault on UK fund management would be counterproductive.
Apollo and Värde in $1.4bn bet on subprime lender.
OneMain has grown rapidly as many American consumers struggle to make ends meet.
Vanguard still world’s fastest-growing asset manager.
Fund house’s assets pass $5tn milestone, closing gap on arch rival BlackRock.
Monte dei Paschi plots first bond deal since government rescue.
Bitcoin price is a distraction, says big tech investor.
Silver Lake co-founder Glenn Hutchins is more excited about opportunities in cryptocurrency system.
Robey Warshaw pays out £60m to founders.
City dealmakers post a 73% jump in full-year operating profit to £63m.
Statistics indicate froth but not an end to the story.
Fat Cat Thursday; What Adam Crozier did next; Debs’ January share sales.
EU rule changes prompt Hargreaves and Bestinvest to ditch funds.
Platforms drop trusts and ETFs for failing to meet new European standards.
American Express sees $2.4bn hit from US tax legislation.
Britain braced for Brexit raid on £8tn fund industry.
Sector threatened as rival European hubs look to expand their share of the market.
Last-minute move to give exchanges extra time begs question on next opt-outs.
Former Och-Ziff executive faces fraud charges.
Michael Cohen charged with alleged scheme to defraud charity.
Mifid II risks drowning in its ambition.
Only 11 of the EU’s 28 member states have added flagship legislation into national laws.
Investor relief at smooth launch of Mifid II.
Fears for new systems and trading levels prove mostly unfounded.
China’s protectionism comes home to roost.
The US block of the Ant/MoneyGram deal is part of a larger backlash.
Cryptocurrency trading boosts Plus500.
Shares in online spread platform leap 20% helped by bets on digital currencies.
Record year for BlackRock’s ETF business in 2017.
Mifid II launch overshadowed by futures delay.
Bond trading volumes drop as Europe’s market digests most ambitious change in a decade.
Ashmore to absorb costs of research under Mifid II.
Plus500 jumps 20% as bitcoin trading boosts profits.
RBS sells offshore Lombard loans for £150m.
ETF providers hope Mifid II will spur European growth.
Regulatory shake-up to provide more transparency on trading of passive investment vehicles.
Legg Mason chief warns of disruption for asset managers.
Joseph Sullivan says industry has become used to ‘unsustainable’ margins.
The regulatory blockage shows the futility of China-US dealmaking under Donald Trump.
US doubts on China sink Ant Financial-MoneyGram deal.
Digital payments group failed to satisfy Washington takeover posed no security risk.
Mifid II can succeed if it encourages competition.
Financial rules that create oligopolies serve customers poorly.
Deutsche Bank bonuses, Mifid II and wealth management for women.
PAI Partners in talks to buy packaging group Albéa.
Deal worth $1.5bn comes as record amounts of capital being raised from investors.
Stock indices promise easy diversification but are variable. Heavy sectoral skews merit study.
Stockpickers’ fees set to suffer from ETF price war.
Ever cheaper index-tracking funds will sharpen the pressure on the active managers.
Financial services among worst for UK gender pay gap.
Sector comes a close second to construction industry.
PwC ‘fell short’ on averting major US bank collapse.
Huge chunks of loans from Colonial Bank to mortgage firm TBW were secured against non-existent assets.
Europe begins countdown to Mifid II.
Sweeping changes to EU rules on financial instruments come into force on January 3.
European finance sector scrambles over Mifid II rules.
Introduction of the reforms midweek have increased the risks of glitches.
Private equity uses early loans to boost returns.
Borrowed money improves fund rating on key metric of results over time but is risky.
US considers mortgage credit check shake-up.
Critics complain current system is outdated and locks millions out of home ownership.
Morgan Stanley enters robo-advice investment market.
Access Investing, aimed at its wealthy clients’ children, follows its competitors.
Uber’s rise triggers crisis at taxi lenders.
Credit unions at risk of failure as loan losses mount.
Hedge fund mogul Steve Cohen plans comeback.
SAC founder’s new venture aims to charge some of the industry’s highest fees.
Ackman agrees $194m settlement over Allergan suit.
Pershing Square and Valeant were accused of improper trading ahead of 2014 bid for Botox maker.
Ripple cryptocurrency surges on Japanese demand.
Market cap of crossborder payments currency reaches $76bn.
HMRC bans credit card tax payments from January 13.
New year shock looms for hundreds of thousands as payment method is removed.
China eases market access rules for foreign banks.
Draft rules make it easier for groups to open new branches and enter new business lines.
Merrill Lynch banker Bob Wigley is in fine voice.
City contacts push financier’s orchestral release into classical top 10.
Citigroup to pay $11.5m over false stock ratings.
Flawed data feed meant some shares were tagged ‘buy’ rather than ‘sell’.
Asset managers should pay more attention to governance matters.
Japanese private equity: lucre’s allure.
Foreigners scratch their heads over the mountain of cash sitting atop Japanese industry.
Hedge funds face ‘game over’ for buyout strategy.
Ruling in Dell case casts doubt on popular tactic of seeking higher post-deal prices.
Playbook for defending companies is old and well-thumbed.
Pugnacity is the hedge fund’s yin, sensitivity its yang.
Chris Hohn/TCI: raise a strop.
Even superficial setbacks suggest benefits can emerge when shareholders make a stand.
China seeks order amid mobile payments boom.
Regulators tighten ‘know your customer’ requirements for barcode payments.
London-based art fund targets $1bn lending in Asia.
Group says increasing concentration of western art holdings in region offers opportunity.
Goldman eyes Dublin for European asset management.
US bank to create hubs across continent for operations after Brexit.
Individually sensible protections can increase pressure on traders to sell in a hurry.
With many multi-asset strategies promising too much, expect more high-profile misfires.
Research has value, even when its price is debatable.
Big asset managers set to benefit from Mifid II.
Rules around payment for research could leave small firms at a competitive disadvantage.
UK must be ready for Brexit with no banking deal.
The City should not tangle itself in red tape to preserve its business that is EU-facing.
The shares have done well, but not even management can be certain why.
Why activists are fans of social responsibility.
Profits, not ethics, are behind big-name investors’ interest in ESG issues.
Brussels brushes off UK charm offensive on EU banks.
Proposal for groups with branches to offer services falls short of bloc’s equivalence.
HNA pledges $362m bank shares for loan.
Chinese conglomerate searches for fresh funding amid year-end liquidity squeeze.
China fintech IPO reflects investor fatigue.
LexinFintech scales back US share sale as competitors suffer stock-price slump.
Vienna clears HNA to take over Deutsche-linked asset manager.
Toys R Us feel-good ending is a pension fairy tale.
The Pension Protection Fund fought for employees’ interests over its own.
Fannie and Freddie to get $3bn capital buffers.
New rules for US mortgage finance giants reduce likelihood of future bailouts.
BoE, Treasury and FCA act in unison to charm banks.
Choreographed courting on City’s behalf is seen as ‘first positive move’ since Brexit.
Short sellers will never starve because human beings are predisposed to believe bad news.
Citi seeks new global commodities head.
UK’s sector-by-sector Brexit assessments released.
Documents take pessimistic view of banks’ ability to brass plate operations in EU.
New Zealand blocks HNA takeover of ANZ Bank unit.
Investment office stops purchase over lack of clarity on who controls Chinese group.
Charts that matter: Return of an old bull market favourite.
LSE leadership dispute ‘slightly Kafka-esque’, says Carney.
Rolet told BoE governor ‘under no circumstances’ would he go back.
City regulators turn on Brexit charm offensive.
EU financial groups promised easy access to London as Brussels hardens stance.
GAM caps executive pay after investor revolt.
Swiss fund manager to cut fixed salary of chief executive and cap bonus pool of board.
UK to give temporary waivers to EU banks to keep them in London post Brexit.
BoE’s Carney: bespoke Brexit deal is possible for financial services.
BoE to keep UK financial system open to foreign institutions after Brexit.
Banks win last-minute reprieve on key part of Mifid rules.
Cuts must not lead to ATM deserts, warns regulator.
Watchdog intervenes in spat between banks and cash machine operators.
US banks and tax reform: A dream deferred.
Taxes affect balance sheets along with income statements.
It is increasingly challenging for entrants to build profitable operations.
Old Mutual star Buxton looks to Jupiter trajectory.
But for whom is the £600m deal more gold than myrrh?
UK banks get deadline extensions for ‘open banking’ reforms.
Hohn fights on despite bloodied nose in LSE battle.
Activist points to more than 20% of shareholders not backing chairman.
The City of London falls under Brussels’ wary eye.
Regulatory equivalence carries a heavy price for the UK.
LSE shareholders back chairman at EGM.
TCI motion to remove Donald Brydon gets only 20% support.
LSE chairman wins battle against activist investor.
Shareholders back Donald Brydon following attempts by TCI to oust him.
Old Mutual sells fund unit to TA Associates for £600m.
Under the deal, chief Richard Buxton to stay with the single strategy business.
Pension Protection Fund announces 10% levy reduction.
Brussels signals tough stance on bank bonuses after Brexit.
Commission plans to tighten scrutiny while ruling out trade deal for financial services.
Pay-related issues top list of shareholder concerns.
Shareholder rebellions hit more than a fifth of the FTSE All-Share’s 640 companies.
UK online traders hit by planned European clampdown.
Shares in Plus500, CMC and IG fall sharply on rear of leverage rules.
Ares Management names Arougheti as chief executive.
Appointment one of several changes as business becomes bigger and more complex.
CFDs/binary options: beyond the pail.
The industry may try to argue new leverage rules will drive traders offshore. No dice.
Citi and BofA among US groups facing $50bn tax plan hit.
Five institutions would be forced to take writedowns if corporate rate falls to 21%.
London fund managers warn of a ‘sneaky’ Brexit.
Asset management industry frets about already losing talent and investment to rival hubs.
An eventful year — before bitcoin took centre stage — saw a wide range of events unfold.
Private equity groups rush to sell assets during boom.
Strong demand from yield-starved investors helps buyout funds sell companies.
‘Dark matter that matters’ in trade with EU.
Services are likely to make up majority of Britain’s exports by 2021.
Sharp rise in sexual harassment in fund management.
Third of female asset managers surveyed by FTfm say they have suffered from the abuse.
Women annoyed and exhausted by industry sexism.
‘I was in the middle of making tea but I walked away. I thought I was going to cry’.
FCA criticised over pensions crisis in Port Talbot.
Few answers for steelworkers as MPs call for pension transfers to be stopped.
Barclays’ bet on investment banking pays off in UK.
Strategy seems to be bearing fruit as bank earns $352m in fees in the year to date.
Big banks split on shifting assets ahead of Brexit.
Groups are taking radically different stances on process of ‘novation’.
Private equity offloads stake in Anglian Water.
Deal by 3i comes as other investors reduce exposure to UK water groups.
Strong regulation should enhance confidence in Aim.
LSE has begun consulting on changes to the market’s rule book.
‘Arrogant’ slur puts Sier fee probe on knife edge.
UK trade body protests over comments made by outspoken academic leading inquiry.
City lobby group debated drowning out Brexit dissent.
TheCityUK suffered ‘growing concern’ on ideas that might undermine key messages.
KKR snaps up Unilever’s spreads in €7bn deal.
End of an era for group created from merger of Margarine Unie and Lever Brothers.
S African watchdog to probe Deloitte’s Steinhoff audit.
Big Four firm faces questions after retailer discovers ‘accounting irregularities’.
Buxton nears £600m deal for Old Mutual fund unit.
Transaction is latest move in wider break up of Anglo-South African financial services group.
Old Mutual nears deal for fund unit.
Race to launch bitcoin futures stirs anger.
CME and Cboe listings have raised concerns among regulators and brokers.
Tech groups vie for edge in Indonesian payments.
Tencent-backed Go-Jek snaps up 3 fintech players as rivals push into burgeoning market.
Banks’ Christmas parties pale next to media sector.
Companies urge employees to keep things professional after sexual harassment claims.
Card providers face higher costs to help customers.
FCA expects bill of up to £101m for measures to reduce or cancel debt charges.
UK watchdog issues first ever fine over late disclosure of inside information.
Deutsche Bank sells some Polish units to Santander.
€305m deal to offload private and commercial banking arms in central European country.
Credit Suisse hires Deutsche Bank veteran Dunning for equities expansion.
FCA pushes on with plans to cut credit card rates.
Former Commerzbank boss tapped to head UBS wealth management arm.
Martin Blessing to take role after departure of Jürg Zeltner.
China lenders lobby to soften shadow bank rules.
Banks warn ‘radically disruptive’ regulations would undermine funding and hurt economy.
Online lending platforms test investors’ faith.
A model that promised to disrupt banking has disappointed as delinquencies mount.
Amid the fervour, remember that cryptocurrencies lack a legitimate function.
Italian state should follow lead of its bullish SMEs.
Country still reluctant to go ahead with explicit privatisations of state-owned asset.
QuantConnect platform jostles in crowded field of DIY quants.
New Zealand founder is unbowed by the scepticism over freelance coders ability to beat markets.
Ashmore is last hold out on research cost disclosure.
Group yet to decide whether clients will pay for research ahead of Mifid start date.
FCA delays fresh conduct rules for asset managers.
Watchdog pushes back plans to extend regime to all of financial services industry.
Hedge funds reap rich returns from cryptocurrencies.
iZettle raises new funds ahead of mooted IPO.
Swedish payments group given an extra €40m to help growth and product innovation.
CBA admits multiple breaches in money laundering case.
Australia’s biggest bank admits breaking the law but fights some allegations.
Banks set to move fewer than 4,600 City jobs over Brexit.
FT research shows 6 per cent of staff might move, despite claims of tens of thousands.
Bitcoin and cash cast a shadow over banks.
No one fully understands the rising challenge to the regulated payment system.
UK banks forced to publish complaints and security breach data.
Regulators want to make it easier for customers to compare services.
AQR explores use of ‘big data’ despite past doubts.
Hedge fund runs experiments to see if it can find profitable patterns using machine learning.
LSE backed by Qatar fund in fight to keep chairman.
Support could be decisive factor in shareholder vote on Donald Brydon.
New Basel reforms, Brexit update and Swiss private banking.
Moneybox app launches Lifetime Isa.
Fifth provider enters market for new savings vehicle aimed at retirement or housing.
Investors put pressure on highest-emitting companies.
Funds managing $26tn join forces to urge 100 groups to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
UniCredit confirms targets as CEO Mustier’s turnround plan pushes on.
State Street backs UK fintech start-up PensionBee.
Bank joins trend by investing in online platform for tracking disparate pensions.
Activist hedge fund RBR plans shake-up.
Investor targeting Credit Suisse is to close long-short vehicles.
P2P currency exchanges continue cash revolution.
TransferWise, Moneycorp and peers are cutting out big banks.
US regulators warn investors on bitcoin risks.
CFTC raises concerns on volatility and SEC clamps down on initial coin offerings.
Hands’ private-equity model no help to the aged.
Loading up a narrow-margin business with high fixed-cost debt is hopelessly flawed.
Citi’s chief economist Willem Buiter steps aside.
Catherine Mann, who until recently was OECD chief economist, will take his place.
SGX to increase derivatives fees for members.
Annual levies to rise as much as 10-fold to S$25,000 from next year.
BAE’s Typhoon comes through political storm; LSE looks ahead.
Single market deal might halt London bank exits.
Some bankers willing to reverse Brexit departures in event of eleventh-hour agreement.
LSE moves quickly in search for new chief executive.
Exchange begins interviews ahead of activist investor’s vote to oust chairman.
Man Group to launch quant hedge fund in China.
Company to use algorithms to trade across liquid markets and focus on listed futures.
Norway faces dilemma over oil fund without oil.
Questions raised whether sovereign wealth fund could sell out of asset it was built on.
Mifid data delays threaten European fund sales.
Deadline looms for asset managers to provide new information to distributors of funds.
UK needs its own business development companies.
Scrapping the British Income and Lending Trust was a wasted opportunity, says David Stevenson.
UK financial watchdog’s fines increase tenfold.
FCA’s fines for year stand at £229.4m compared with £22.2m levied in 2016.
Card fees cuts threaten to create ‘ATM deserts’.
Operators warn they may have to close thousands of cash machines.
Why a hard Brexit for financial services is unlikely.
Imposing a harsh deal would hurt the EU’s financial sector more than the UK.
Zeus Capital faces scrutiny after client woes.
Shine taken off UK stockbroker’s rapid rise after several flotations struggle.
Pension funds in the mix for £20bn ‘patient capital’.
Poor returns and investor disinterest could hit plans to fund tomorrow’s unicorns.
European regulators move to mitigate Brexit threat.
London’s role as global hub for asset management vulnerable to a disorderly EU exit.
FCA urges asset managers to report Mifid struggles.
UK regulator has ‘least patience’ with fund houses that fail to disclose problems.
BA wins union go-ahead to axe final salary pension.
Airline to move staff to defined contribution plan as it tackles £2.8bn pension hole.
UK court rebukes HSBC over missing forex trading records.
Steinhoff, Opec, Lending Club, GVC/Ladbrokes, Apple and more.
Steinhoff chief apologised for ‘some big mistakes’
Retail group downgraded as auditors come under pressure over ‘accounting irregularities’.
British Airways to close final salary pension scheme.
Airline says it needs more flexible retirement plan to tackle £2.8bn deficit.
Private equity faces a dilemma: to buy or to sell.
KKR’s European head concerned about how rising interest rates will affect the industry.
LSE lunch leaves sour taste for Brydon.
An EGM the following week will vote on investor TCI’s attempt to oust chairman.
Investors are not quite so clear as to how the company is going to make money.
Payday lender Curo floats with $620m valuation.
Group looks to take advantage of looser regulation of sector under Trump administration.
US stock traders, investors call for action on market data costs.
Lending Club shares plumb new depths.
Online lender cuts profit forecasts again at its inaugural investor day.
Lending Club shares hit all-time low on gloomy outlook.
Norway oil fund makes first Asian property investment.
Sovereign wealth fund takes stake in 5 buildings in Tokyo and plans more deals.
Companies shunned all-stock mergers in 2017.
The proportion of these complicated deals has fallen as sellers prefer cold, hard cash.
ASX chooses blockchain for equities clearing.
Australian bourse becomes first big exchange to commit to the technology.
Mifid II impact on investment banking ‘exaggerated’.
Less than 3% of investment banks’ annual revenue from Emea will be eroded, report says.
CME fee rises vex high-speed traders.
Lobby group weighs options amid mood ranging from anger to resignation.
Hammond eyes Brexit tax boost for asset managers.
Ministers consider overhaul of ‘60-day rule’ for short-term business visitors.
Ping An emerges as HSBC’s second biggest shareholder.
Chinese insurer increased stake in Europe’s largest bank above 5%.
Car insurer Sabre to be valued at £575m in IPO.
Buoyant markets drive 18% jump in Numis profits.
Investors lose out as UK biofuels industry stalls.
Government criticised for not implementing promised policies.
Retirement plans’ black hole is deep, dark and scary.
The defined benefit pension pact was easy to make but hard to keep, writes Amin Rajan.
Bridgepoint raises €5.5bn for new fund.
Buyout group turned away as much as €5bn in sign of investor appetite in sector.
UK group adds bitcoin to cross-border payment offer.
Lloyds and MasterCard-backed Revolut to allow 1m clients to trade in cryptocurrencies.
New pay rules make bonuses truly discretionary.
One new proposal has the potential to do more for investor interests than any before.
Deutsche Bank's asset management arm, Swiss probe of Saudi accounts and bankers pay.
Contracts for difference: kicking the bucket shop.
Simple steps to protect the credulous can and should be taken.
ETF providers better bet than products they sell.
BlackRock, State Street and Invesco have all outperformed the market.