Sanofi is buying another blood-disease biotech for $4.8 billion.
A 117-year-old woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898.
100+ Nobel laureates urge Greenpeace to stop opposing GMOs.
China kills millions of innocent meditators for their organs, report finds.
Mass fish kill in Vietnam solved as Taiwan steelmaker accepts responsibility for pollution.
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte urges people to kill drug addicts.
Venezuela, where anger over food shortages is still mounting, continued to be roiled this week by angry protests and break-ins of grocery stores and businesses that have left five dead, at least 30 injured and 200 arrested, according to various news reports.
More Than 100 Nobel Laureates Call Out Greenpeace For Anti-GMO Obstruction In Developing World.
The Philippine president-elect said Monday he would aggressively promote artificial birth control in the country even at the risk of getting in a fight with the dominant Catholic church, which staunchly opposes the use of contraceptives..
UK food prices set to rise after Brexit vote - Plunging pound and Britains reliance on imports will mean higher prices, says farmers leader.
Peru's state energy company has reported an oil spill in a tributary of Amazon, third major one this year and 21st in last five years, raising fears of yet more pollution of the water and fish on which indigenous villages and riverside communities depend.
Report: China is still harvesting organs from prisoners.
Contagious cancer cells are spreading between different animals and even different species in the sea, according to new research which raises the prospect of the disease becoming infectious in humans.
Cities forge world's largest alliance to curb climate change | More than 7,100 cities in 119 countries formed the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy, a network for helping exchange information on such goals as developing clean energy, organizers said.
EU smashes 2020 emissions target six years early | Greenhouse gas emissions in 2014 were 4.1% lower than the previous year and 24.4% below the 1990 baseline. The 2020 target is a 20% cut.
