Sanofi is buying another blood-disease biotech for $4.8 billion.
A 117-year-old woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898.
100+ Nobel laureates urge Greenpeace to stop opposing GMOs.
China kills millions of innocent meditators for their organs, report finds.
Mass fish kill in Vietnam solved as Taiwan steelmaker accepts responsibility for pollution.
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte urges people to kill drug addicts.
Venezuela, where anger over food shortages is still mounting, continued to be roiled this week by angry protests and break-ins of grocery stores and businesses that have left five dead, at least 30 injured and 200 arrested, according to various news reports.
More Than 100 Nobel Laureates Call Out Greenpeace For Anti-GMO Obstruction In Developing World.
The Philippine president-elect said Monday he would aggressively promote artificial birth control in the country even at the risk of getting in a fight with the dominant Catholic church, which staunchly opposes the use of contraceptives..
UK food prices set to rise after Brexit vote - Plunging pound and Britains reliance on imports will mean higher prices, says farmers leader.
Peru's state energy company has reported an oil spill in a tributary of Amazon, third major one this year and 21st in last five years, raising fears of yet more pollution of the water and fish on which indigenous villages and riverside communities depend.
Report: China is still harvesting organs from prisoners.
Contagious cancer cells are spreading between different animals and even different species in the sea, according to new research which raises the prospect of the disease becoming infectious in humans.
Cities forge world's largest alliance to curb climate change | More than 7,100 cities in 119 countries formed the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy, a network for helping exchange information on such goals as developing clean energy, organizers said.
EU smashes 2020 emissions target six years early | Greenhouse gas emissions in 2014 were 4.1% lower than the previous year and 24.4% below the 1990 baseline. The 2020 target is a 20% cut.
Coral bleaching event now biggest in history  and about to get worse: 'Coral in every major reef region has already experienced severe bleaching. About 93% of the reefs on Australias Great Barrier Reef have been affected, and almost a quarter of the reef on the 2,300km stretch is now dead.'
Super-rich quaff champagne in Venezuela country club while middle classes scavenge for food.
A staggering 87 percent of Venezuelans say they do not have money to buy enough food.
Decriminalisation Call As 'War On Drugs' Fails. Top public health experts say illicit drug use should be treated as a health issue rather than punishing those who need treatment.
Poliovirus detected in water sample in India, state declares global emergency.
Malnutrition is sweeping the world, fuelled by obesity as well as starvation, new research has suggested.
The atmosphere has hit a grim milestone  and scientists say well never go back within our lifetimes.
5 Delhi Hospitals Fined $125 million For Refusing Free Treatment To Poor.
AIDS deaths in India down 55% since 2007 ;HIV infections down by 66% since 2000.
Physicists Confirm There's a Second Layer of Information Hidden in Our DNA.
Exclusive: Studies find 'super bacteria' in Rio's Olympic venues, top beaches.
Cancer is entering a "new era" of personalised medicine with drugs targeted to the specific weaknesses in each patient's tumour, say doctors.
Scientists grow human organs for transplant inside pigs.
Physicists confirm there's a second layer of information hidden in our DNA - ...the researchers have shown that there's more than one way that DNA mutations can affect us: by changing the letters in our DNA, or simply by changing the mechanical cues that arrange the way a strand is folded.
Thailand eliminates mother-to-child HIV transmission.
30 Fukushima kids diagnosed with thyroid cancer in second check, upping total to 131 but radiation 'unlikely' cause.
Doctor-assisted dying about to become legal in Canada.
Across Africa, the worst food crisis since 1985 looms for 50 million.
HIV/AIDS: Togo to distribute over 10m condoms to fight disease.
Thousands of children working in Indonesia's tobacco fields are being poisoned by handling the leaves of the toxic plant, an international investigation has found.
The 51C heatwave that's melting India. The impact of the heat has been devastating, and increasingly fatal, particularly for the hundreds of people dying of starvation due to withering crops in their remote fields.
"British researchers have found a way to use a natural protein to repair damaged heart tissue."
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi asks doctors to treat pregnant women for free.
Netherlands gives green light for growing human embryos.
China is encouraging its citizens to eat less meat  and that could be a big win for the climate.
'Universal cancer vaccine breakthrough claimed by scientists.
Police Crack Down on Poor Venezuelans Protesting Food Shortages.
Study says long-term pot use causes poor gum health  but not much else.
In the last 17 months, 2234 Indians get HIV via blood transfusions.
Syphilis, gonorrhea cases up among all ages in Canada - Health.
Turkey's Erdogan: No Muslim family should engage in birth control.
Englands chief medical officer warns of antibiotic apocalypse.
Russia sends 2,400 tons of food to North Korea.
50 million Africans face hunger after crops fail again.
Vegetarianism on the rise in Germany, but schools draw the line at veganism - Tofu schnitzel, tofu bratwurst, tofu kebab. It all exists in Germany. Popular as vegetarian options may be, a German court has ruled that veganism is too risky as a school meal option.
Venezuela looters target chicken, flour amid worsening shortages.
Leaks Show Senate Aide Threatened Colombia Over Cheap Cancer Drug.
Scientists Find A Weak Spot In HIV That May Pave the Way to a Vaccine.
Zika virus could spread to Europe in coming months, says WHO.
GM food is generally safe for humans and the environment, report says.
US scientists have cloned the Zika virus - an important step towards fast-tracking a vaccine against the disease.
Thousands of South African gold miners launch a multi-million-dollar class action lawsuit against mining companies over deadly lung diseases.
India's top court ordered state governments to provide free meals to schoolchildren during summer break as country reels from impact of one of worst droughts on record. Free lunches are offered to some 120 million students in what is world's largest school feeding program, but not during holidays.
Scientists invent silk food wrap that's biodegradable and could replace plastic cling film - Bananas &amp; strawberries kept at room temperature for more than a week did not go off after they were coated with a near-invisible film made from silk.
The EU won't sacrifice its high food safety standards for better US auto market access in a transatlantic trade deal being negotiated, German Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt said Friday.
U.S. To Ship Peanuts To Feed Haitian Kids; Aid Groups Say 'This Is Wrong'
More than 8 million in UK struggle to put food on table, survey says: 4.7 million thought to be regularly going a day without eating.
Why super-gonorrhoea is spreading &amp; may soon be untreatable - Englands public health agency has launched an incident response after discovering more cases of gonorrhoea that are resistant to nearly all antibiotics.
Almost 500 Students Fall Ill at Posh Chinese School From Toxic Waste Dumped Nearby.
A fifth of people with advanced melanoma have no sign of tumours in their body after treatment with a pair of immunotherapy drugs, a study shows.
Some drug cartels now make more money from gold than cocaine.
Mexico's president says he is open to legalizing medical marijuana.
Decriminalize all drugs, business and world leaders tell UN.
Jamaica Foreign Minister tells UN that scheduling cannabis as a dangerous drug with no medical use is outdated &amp; out of touch &amp; that the UN to needs to get its act together on weed.
Colombian president: prohibitionist drug policies have been a 'failure'.
Taking a stance sharply at odds with most American public health officials, the British Royal College of Physician urged smokers to switch to electronic cigarettes, saying they are the best hope in generations for people addicted to tobacco cigarettes to quit.
Supreme Court allows 12-year-old Queensland girl to have abortion.
Dozens of Russian athletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, including at least 15 medal winners, were part of a state-run doping program.
Russia to ban all Turkish fruit and vegetable imports next week: Interfax.
India has slashed prices of 54 essential medicines by up to 55%, including commonly used drugs for cancer, hypertension, diabetes and other heart disorders.
Rio Olympics could spark 'full blown global health disaster', say Harvard scientists.
England's Doctors Walk Out of Emergency Wards in First Ever All-Out Strike.
Mexico's president proposes legalising medical marijuana (and up to 28 grams for recreational).
Revealed: nearly all new diesel cars exceed official pollution limits - Health experts lambast deceitful carmakers as data suggests 97% of vehicles fail to meet NOx emissions standards in real-world conditions.
Europe is now malaria free for the first time in years. Malaria cases in Europe have dropped from a peak of over 90,000 in 1995 to zero in 2015, according to the World Health Organization.
Colombia's illegal mining linked to malaria outbreak.
Daytime cooking ban in India as heatwave claims 300 lives | Authorities try to prevent accidental fires amid scorching temperatures that have destroyed crops and killed livestock.
Botswana could be malaria free by 2020 WHO estimates. Statistics show that Botswana has over the past 14 years reduced the incidence of malaria from 42 cases to 0.23 cases per 1,000 of the population.
Cheap red meat is helping kill off Glasgow's poorest men 30 yrs early - "You need to afford to buy quality food. If you cant get quality red meat, youre going to have an issue." Glasgow is notorious for astonishing gap in life expectancy between rich &amp; poor. Now researchers think they know why.
Looting On the Rise As Venezuela Runs Out of Food, Electricity: Food Producers Alert They Have Only 15 Days Left of Inventory amid Rampant Inflation.
Health experts believe Australia is on the brink of virtually eradicating cervical cancer because of vaccine and testing breakthroughs.
The mosquito-borne Zika virus may be even more dangerous than previously thought, scientists in Brazil say.
Zika Virus Birth Defects May Be 'Tip of the Iceberg', Experts Say.
As Asia's rice crop shrivels due to drought, food security fears resurface.A heatwave is sweeping top rice exporter India, while the No.2 supplier Thailand is facing a second year of drought.
France will press its G7 partners this month to launch an "irreversible" process to control the prices of new medicines, part of a global drive to make life-saving drugs more affordable.
It's not a crime if hungry poor steal food, Italy says.
Germany gives go-ahead to relax rules on medical marijuana. Paraplegics and MS patients can heave a sigh of relief: doctors will soon be able to prescribe medical marijuana to relieve pain or symptoms. Berlin gave the go-ahead to relax rules on therapeutic cannabis use.
Spain reports 1st case of Zika-linked microcephaly.
Italy rules that stealing food not a crime if desperately hungry.
Sugar addiction 'should be treated as a form of drug abuse'.
Zika confirmed as a cause of microcephaly: CDC - Health.
UK Home Secretary Theresa May 'tried to alter drug report because she didnt like its conclusions' | UK Politics
Pharmaceutical company manager busted with $300 million worth of ephedrine, illegally used for production of methamphetamine in India .
Mexico's President Is Skipping the Big UN Drug Meeting That Mexico Demanded.
The World Health Organization approves world's first-ever vaccine for dengue fever.
War on drugs: UN challenged by Colombian president.
Doctors fear 'super-gonorrhoea' will spread across UK.
"Amid ominous warnings about threats to pollinators and the food crops they make possible, garden-care giant Ortho said Tuesday [12 April 2016] it will stop using a class of chemicals widely believed to harm the most important pollinators of all: bees."
Victoria has become the first state in Australia to legalise the use of medicinal cannabis.
Some people appear to be born with 'superhero DNA' that cancels out genetic diseases like cystic fibrosis, say researchers.
Uganda's only radiotherapy machine for cancer treatment breaks: thousands will not be able to get life saving treatment.
Venezuelan young people choose "parallel economy"(drug trafficking, smuggling) over higher education
Revealed: BP's close ties with the UK government | Documents show the extent of BPs influence on government policy and how their intimate relationship is at odds with UK commitments to reduce carbon emissions
Fossil Fuel Subsidies Cost $5 Trillion Annually and Worsen Pollution: The International Monetary Fund notes that subsides for burning fossil fuels enrich the wealthy and make air pollution worse
The 'Shocking' Cost of Letting Companies Pollute for Free. This year, the report estimates, fossil fuels are being subsidized to the tune of $5.3 trillion, or 6.5 percent of global gross domestic product.
'Home-brewed morphine' made possible - Scientists have figured out how to brew morphine using the same kit used to make beer at home. They have genetically modified yeast to perform the complicated chemistry needed to convert sugar to morphine.
Oxford University rules out investing in coal and tar sands. The university, one of the worlds oldest and most prestigious, follows over 200 other organisations who have banned some investments in fossil fuels because of their role in driving climate change.
Cheap blindness drug should be made widely available, says WHO
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m every minute, says IMF .
Thousands of people in Ecuador on Saturday planted a total of 647,250 trees in a single day.
Taiwan Ex-Workers Win Pollution Lawsuit  Taipei District Court rules for workers employed 1970-1992 at Radio Corp of America. It dumped toxic waste, polluting soil &amp; water. Called worst industrial disaster in Taiwans history, it led to alarmingly high reports of cancer among its workers.
It Only Took Four Months For China To Achieve A Jaw-Dropping Reduction In Carbon Emissions: ...a reduction in emissions thats approximately equal to the total CO2 emissions of the U.K. over the same period
Ecuador breaks Guinness reforestation record, plant 6,47,250 trees in a day
Shellfish species shrinking as rising carbon emissions hit marine life: Biologists warn that hundreds of species could die or weaken as growing levels of CO2 make oceans more acidic and disrupt shell formation
Trade Agreement Could Limit Access to Medicines: Leaked Draft Contains Language that Could Delay the Entrance of Generic Competition for Much-Needed Medicines and Keep Pharmaceutical Prices High [TPP]
Canada reneges on emissions targets as tar sands production takes its toll: A new pledge to cut greenhouse gases by 30% from 2005 levels by 2030 is less ambitious than previous goal and lags far behind US and EU targets
Unveiled in Milan, the world's first bio-digital Urban Algae Canopy can produce a forest's worth of oxygen a day - the equivalent of 400,000 square feet of natural woodland
A drug rehabilitation centre with links to the Church of Scientology has been fined and ordered to remove unsubstantiated claims made online about curing patients.
Ecuador "Reforestation Day" to Break Guinness Record for Tree-Planting
Global carbon dioxide levels break 400ppm milestone
A new blood test for ovarian cancer proved to be 86% accurate
Most Countries Have No Plans For When Antibiotics Stop Working - World Health Organization sounds the alarm on one of the biggest threats to the future of global health
The Italian army has unveiled its first cannabis farm, set up to try to lower the cost of medical marijuana in the country.
Over 30,000 doctors and health professionals in Argentina campaign to ban Monsanto
Prince Charles on brink of ending all fossil fuel investments
HSBC Advises Clients Against Fossil Fuel Investment, warning that fossil fuel companies will become "economically non-viable
Solar power plant floating on wastewater hailed for multiple environmental benefits. "We can get about 57 per cent more efficiency than a land-based solar system."
HIV self-testing kit goes on sale in UK - BioSure is first legally approved self-testing kit, with 99.7% accuracy rate.
First HIV home test kit goes on sale in UK. People can see results in 15 min
Cuba to Export Cancer Vaccine to US, New York Governor Confirms
Cuba has had a lung cancer vaccine for years. With a thaw in relations between the US and Cuba, CimaVax and other breakthrough drugs developed in Cuba may soon be available to Americans.
Parents of UK's youngest organ donor hope others will be inspired | He died within two hours of being born, but his kidneys were used to save the life of an adult patient with renal failure.
Leading scientists say 75% of known fossil fuels must stay underground.
HSBC Warns Clients of Fossil Fuel Investment Risks. Analysts warn of the growing likelihood that fossil fuel companies may become economically non-viable, as people move away from carbon energy and fossil fuels are left in the ground.
Outage hits pumps at Fukushima plant; toxic water leaks into ocean
Pesticide the likely cause of Nigeria 'mystery disease'
Vaccination now mandatory for all children in Serbia
BP dropped green energy projects worth billions to focus on fossil fuels
Condom of the future? Scientists developing latex replacement that self-lubricates, delivers Viagra and feels better than nothing at all - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk
 Goodbye Big Tobacco, hello Big Vape.
Ecigarettes, Cape Town’s Day Zero, music and dementia.
Four Seasons closer to control by biggest creditor.
Care home chain has £525m of net debt, mostly owned by hedge fund H/2 Capital Partners.
Wearable scanners will be able to read our minds.
Tiny pixel sizes, light analysis and blood flow maps mark big advance on MRI machines.
Why sleeping more will help the national economy.
A new understanding of circadian rythyms is helping combat the silent sleep-loss epidemic.
DeepMind develops AI to diagnose eye diseases.
Retinal scans used to train an algorithm in ‘promising’ partnership with the NHS.
The American way of healthcare.
Reforming the US system is both a technical and an existential challenge.
Consumer power is key to Big Tech’s health battle.
Groups can disrupt the system by turning data records into something people value.
Amazon is taking a welcome tilt at healthcare bills.
The online retailer’s foray into a sector worthy of disruption is not without risk.
New year, same old problems.
Modicare, the hungry US tapeworm, record Unicef appeal.
Bezos, Buffett and Dimon wield a big scalpel.
Taking cost out of the US health system means forcing hard choices.
Cigna shares fall on forecast of slower customer growth.
US healthcare/Amazon: a very worried tapeworm.
Challenge to status quo may be far worse than pharmaceuticals and insurers fear.
Healthcare stocks lead fall in US benchmarks.
Global bond sell-off pressures equity markets around the world.
Amazon, Berkshire, JPMorgan to shake up healthcare.
Companies plan joint not-for-profit venture to cut costs for their nearly 1m workers.
We should learn from doctors’ mistakes, not fire them.
The medical profession would benefit from copying airlines’ open approach to human error.
Genalyte aims to succeed where Theranos failed.
San Diego blood-testing company takes new tilt at $27bn US diagnostics market.
Drugmaker emerges as big winner from Trump tax bill.
AbbVie’s 9% tax rate reveals how law is a boon companies that keep their IP overseas. 
New benchmarks in superbug struggle.
Ann Aerts, drugmaker deal frenzy, India’s ‘menstrual man’.
Big Pharma makes strongest start to M&A for a decade.
US tax overhaul spurs near-$30bn spree but some warn of bubble amid high valuations.
Early Childhood Development.
Simple steps taken during early childhood can define a child’s prospects and drive the transformation the world hopes to achieve.
Next stop, puzzles: learning on the go in the city.
A baby lab is installing games in urban spaces to teach problem-solving and creativity.
Baby brain maps point to origins of disorders.
Scans before and after birth boost research on conditions such as autism and cerebral palsy.
Anna Mae Hays, first female US general, 1920-2018.
A pioneer, yet she was more interested in service than feminism.
Evidence must trump belief.
Women’s health, Larry Summers, take the Trump test.
Consultancy work under pressure as NHS seeks savings.
New data show commissions are down and focus has changed.
SPD failure to deliver healthcare reform riles party.
Centre-left lacks big policy wins from coalition talks with Merkel.
The NHS and funding for health.
Helen Clark, child mortality, smartphone addiction.
The debate on how Britain's National Health Service should be financed shows no sign of letting up.
In theory at least, the expansion of health minister Jeremy Hunt’s role — albeit met with much scepticism — was one coherent moment in an otherwise shambolic government reshuffle this week. He now takes on the portfolio for social care as well as healthcare, a nod towards the need to link these functions in an ageing society, a problem faced by health services around the world. The number of people over 85 in the UK alone is set to rise by two-thirds between 2010 and 2030.
In practice, for all the talk of the NHS as world class during its 70th anniversary year, the resources available are falling behind health systems in many other countries, with spending increases below GDP growth and demand increasing. Better social care — without which hospital beds are blocked — is still more hampered by local authority funding cuts.
There is a fresh debate about the need for ringfenced taxes earmarked for health, while some argue the NHS — set up in 1948 with a firm focus on fighting infectious disease — needs fundamental change.
The FT argues, however, that while there is always a case for greater efficiency, the case for extra funding is  indisputable .
Child mortality The US has more child deaths than other developed countries despite spending more per capita on their health. Cases have dropped everywhere since the 1960s but the US has lagged behind its peers since the 1980s. From 2000 to 2010, American children aged 15-19 were 82 times more likely to die from gun homicide than in other countries. Doctors in Chicago are taking lessons from Cuba's health system. (Health Affairs, Kaiser)
We spoke to Helen Clark, former New Zealand prime minister, ex-chair of the UN Development Group and a member of the Global Commission on Drug Policy, about its new report: The World Drug Perception Problem. Recommendations include shifts in language such as  people who use drugs  instead of  abusers  and  person with drug dependence  instead of  addict .
What is the key message from the report and how does it differ from other efforts?
Previous reports have concentrated on decriminalisation and regulation. This report, however, directly addresses the perception issues of the  drug problem  and looks at the language we use about people who use drugs. A narrative has developed which makes it very difficult for policymakers to be brave enough to address the issue, based on the evidence of what works.
What is the World Health Organization position? 
There can be a huge difference between what the specialised agencies and other organisations in the UN believe and work for, and what the member states’ attitudes might be. From the WHO we expect an evidence-based approach to health issues and I would expect the same from them on drug policy. Two of the commissioners — Ruth Dreifuss [chair and former president of Switzerland] and Michel Kazatchkine [former executive director of the Global Fund to Fight Aids, TB and Malaria] went to see Tedros Adhanom [the new WHO chief] very early in his tenure and got a very good reception. 
What are you hoping to see at the big UN drugs meeting in 2019?
An opportunity to advocate for an evidence-based approach. There are so many prominent figures around the world now saying — loudly — that the  war on drugs  has failed. The 10-year action plan approved in 2009 will be examined at next year's meeting. Any credible independent evaluation will say that it has failed as a strategy. If you can get a clear focus on that failure, then you have a chance to move the debate on to what will work. If not, you carry on with the criminalisation, the incarceration and frankly, in the countries that do little else, a lot of people dying. My motivation is harm reduction: how can we stop people dying from the unsafe use of drugs?
FT Alzheimer’s event
Join us for an evening of discussion on Alzheimer's on January 18 with deputy editor Roula Khalaf, science editor Clive Cookson, Kate Bingham of the Dementia Discovery Fund and David Reynolds of Alzheimer's Research UK. For FT Health readers, use the promotion code FTengageten for a £10 discount.
Health leadership Germany is becoming a leading voice in global health, as shown by its new international centre to fight antimicrobial resistance and by its influential annual World Health Summit. Its spending on development assistance for health is still far behind the US and the UK but has surpassed Japan, France and Canada. Bill Gates used a special edition of Time magazine to talk about health leadership, emphasising that philanthropy could only ever complement the role of government. (Science, Time)
Pollution peril The UN and WHO are combining forces to fight the environmental health risks that kill 12.6m people a year, focusing on air quality, climate, water quality and waste and chemicals. Regional authorities are issuing more pollution alerts, but unless backed up with action they have little effect. The Pulitzer Center brings together its pollution reporting in a new ebook. (UN, Lancet, Pulitzer Center) 
Crash warning Road traffic injuries are the single largest cause of mortality and long-term disability among people aged 15-29, according to a new report. Cutting traffic deaths and injuries by half could add up to 22 per cent to GDP per capita over 24 years in select countries. (World Bank)
Flu worries The prospect of large influenza outbreaks aroused much excitement in the US and the UK on the 100th anniversary of the great pandemic of 1918. Many fear authorities would not be able to cope with such an outbreak: the US, for example, keeps in stock just a few days’ supply of life-saving drugs, almost all of which are made in Asia. (NYT, New Statesman)
Dementia drug blow The difficulty of finding drugs to treat Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases was underlined by Pfizer's withdrawal from research. One critic said the company seem to have  devoted more effort to financial engineering than biomedical engineering . Another promising Alzheimer's drug — Lundbeck's idalopirdine — had a setback in trials but other companies remain optimistic. (Bloomberg, LA Times, Guardian) 
China breakthrough Chi-Med — backed by Li Ka-shing, Hong Kong’s richest man — is on the brink of becoming the first Chinese company to get US approval for a new cancer drug. India, meanwhile, is set to blacklist several Chinese companies for supplying poor-quality materials to Indian drugmakers. (NYT, Healthworld)
Food safety The US Food and Drug Administration announced  the biggest overhaul in our nation's food safety laws in more than 70 years  while a top US trade official urged Britain to move away from strict EU food production rules:  To the degree that some of the sanitary and phytosanitary burdens are removed, or changed, there is much greater opportunity for trade between the UK and US.  (CNN, FT)
Action on addiction In a rare example of investors pressuring a company on public health issues, two groups are urging Apple to address concerns over smartphone addiction. They argue that mental health concerns could lead to a regulatory backlash and hit Apple's financial performance. (WSJ)
Ageing and bioethics The rapid advancement of research on ageing is outpacing ethical issues around prolonging life and the consequences for health, society and the economy. A new series of guidelines for researchers and policymakers aims to fill this gap. (Nuffield Council on Bioethics)
Future of IVF More radical treatments are on the horizon for cases of infertility in which sperm or eggs are absent or too low in quality for today’s IVF techniques to work. Growing a foetus from conception in a synthetic womb could soon become the stuff of real life rather than science fiction. (FT 50 Ideas to Change the World)
The sympathy market where sickness is on sale Online donation sites in the US are booming as patients with little or no health insurance turn to strangers to help pay medical costs in the only developed country without universal healthcare coverage. The US government said it would allow states to impose work requirements on beneficiaries of Medicaid, the health programme for the poor. (FT)
TB on political agenda The first ever UN high-level meeting on tuberculosis takes place this year. Progress in eliminating the world's top infectious disease killer has stalled, thanks to under-investment in R&D, ineffective prevention and a lack of political will. Poorer countries face high cost of treatment, social stigma and lack of care facilities. WHO chief Tedros Adhanom is facing criticism for choosing a little-known Russian official to run the WHO TB programme, using a fast-track process, shortly after meeting Vladimir Putin. (The Lancet, Politico)
The female advantage Women live longer than men even during severe famines and epidemics, suggesting that female advantage has a fundamental biological root. (PNAS)
The sensor in your gut Human trials have taken place of an ingestible electronic capsule that can sense oxygen, hydrogen and carbon dioxide in the gut. The capsules could offer insights into the effects of diet and medical supplements or act as monitoring tools to develop individualised diets. (Nature)
Social networks and health Awareness is growing that social networks can play a part in delivering healthcare. Chronic disease management and the promotion of healthy behaviour are the best examples. The Canadian government is testing AI-supported technology that can identify people at risk of suicide by their social media posts. (NEJM Catalyst, MobiHealthNews)
Comics can save lives Comics and cartoons have often been used for public health messaging — as shown in the Wellcome Collection's exhibition — but are now being used for teaching and to disseminate research. Lissa, a new graphic novel, explores the dilemmas faced by clinicians and patients experiencing illness and living in poor or conflict-torn communities. (The Lancet, University of Toronto press)
Doctors have ‘serious concerns’ for patients’ safety.
Heads of emergency departments write to prime minister.
Why are so many Americans crowdfunding their healthcare?
Online donation sites are booming as patients with little or no health insurance turn to strangers to help pay medical costs.
The case for a special UK health service tax.
A dedicated levy would force candour on politicians about spending priorities.
Vertex’s cystic fibrosis treatment makes it a hot company.
Biotech group’s promising results help it defy broader investor fears over sector.
Surrey town shows how reform can help treat ailing NHS.
Frimley is a pioneer in looking beyond institutional boundaries to deliver services.
Governments and industry must do more on NCDs.
José Luis Castro, 2018 in focus, world’s costliest drug.
After the seasonal excesses come the new year resolutions: individuals will be planning to improve their diet and exercise — but governments and industry must also play their part. The cost of inaction is preventable non-communicable diseases (NCDs), which are spreading unnecessary long-term suffering around the world. Civil society, such as campaigns in India against junk food, can help.
But the food, drink and retail sectors need fundamental change, since the evidence for the impact of voluntary measures alone is limited. It is also concerning to learn about corporate lobbying and covert funding of sympathetic academic research. On the plus side,  exiles  from the industry are beginning to call out bad practices and apply their marketing skills in different ways.
Tighter regulation is needed: we already see  sin  taxes on sugar to reduce consumption starting to have an effect. Controls on aggressive marketing could go much further, including tougher standards on food in schools, hospitals and social care, and the use of planning to encourage more walking and outdoor activities. The latest NHS efforts to clamp down on unhealthy food are a welcome start — if they can be properly enforced.
José Luis Castro, president of Vital Strategies, which works with governments on public health in lower and middle-income countries to tackle non-communicable diseases.
Is it fair to compare  big food  with  big tobacco ?
The mega-corporations have the size and clout to frame NCDs as lifestyle diseases that are the result of personal choice, but what they are doing is shifting the responsibility to individuals for the products they are pushing which are unhealthy. They have learnt from tobacco in getting people to consume these products and how to block governments from legislating on access. We need taxes to reduce affordability and consumption. Countries like Mexico have had the courage to go ahead, and have found they generate revenue to fund public health.
Can we learn any lessons from Cuba, known for its pioneering approach to health, where there is less junk food?
I was born in Cuba and left as a child. The country has a remarkable record on infectious disease: it has made great progress on reducing infant mortality and is very close to eliminating TB. The family doctor idea is good. But it needs to work on the prevention of NCDs. There is a significant increase in obesity and cancer linked to diet and lifestyle. People don’t have access to junk food but sugar is a big part of people’s diet. They put it in coffee, milk and juice. Like tobacco, they think it’s part of the culture — Cuba has been a sugar producer for a long part of its history.
Why should this year’s UN high-level meeting on NCDs achieve more than the one in 2011?
Unlike the meeting on Aids in 2000, the meeting on NCDs in 2011 did not have a commitment to end the diseases, a financing plan or resources. What gives me cautious optimism this time is that there is much more awareness, many countries have begun to develop plans and civil society has been mobilised around the world. NCDs are killing 40m people a year. We see 10-year-old children becoming obese, developing diabetes and having legs amputated at 27. We have to keep countries accountable.
NHS: Britain's National Health Service is 70 on July 5. Here's a timeline of achievements.
Flu: 2018 is the 100th anniversary of the great flu epidemic. Historian John Barry discusses the key lessons. (WBUR podcast, 10m)
Plague: January marks the 500th anniversary of the first attempt by English authorities to control an infectious disease by regulation: Henry VIII's plague control measures. (Lancet)
Science: Policy and research highlights to look out for. (PLoS)
Trends: Political events, court battles, pharma initiatives and biotech developments to watch. (Stat)
Diary: Browse the Global Health Council 2018 events calendar and WHO awareness days.
FT events kick off with "Will there be a cure for Alzheimer's?" on January 18. Deputy editor Roula Khalaf talks to science editor Clive Cookson; Kate Bingham, managing partner of the Dementia Discovery Fund; and David Reynolds, chief scientist of Alzheimer's Research UK. Healthcare and Digital Health summits and more FT Health networking events will follow.
FT reports include Future of Rare Diseases on February 28 and Combating Dementia on March 12. More details here.
Drug approvals The US Food and Drug Administration approved 46 new medicines in 2017 — the highest for 21 years — while the EU recommended 92. Here are some of the products on the horizon in 2018. (FDA, Reuters, Pharmacy Times) 
Gaming addiction The World Health Organization has classified addiction to video games as a mental health disorder for the first time. The draft version of its new International Classification of Diseases describes it as persistent behaviour so severe that it takes "precedence over other life interests". The Children's Commissioner for England warned of the effect of social media on school children's wellbeing. (BBC, Children's Commissioner)
HIV setback President Trump's decision to fire all remaining members of his HIV/Aids advisory panel has been attacked by campaigners. The move comes as the opioid epidemic sparks new cases of HIV linked to injections. (Politico)
Typhoid vaccine The WHO has recommended a new vaccine for typhoid, the disease that kills up to 161,000 people a year. Typbar TCV, from India’s Bharat Biotech, can be used on children under two — a significant advance on previous vaccines. (WHO, Global Health Now)
The $850k drug Spark has priced its Luxturna gene therapy at $850,000, making it the world's most expensive drug. The introduction of such one-off treatments has prompted a wider debate over appropriate pricing and payment methods. The FT uncovered large New Year price increases from Pfizer and other drugmakers. You can watch our video on it here. (FT)
NHS in trouble . . . The NHS had a tough start to its 70th anniversary year, cancelling routine operations until the end of the month to cope with a surge of hospital admissions over the winter. Cutbacks in social care from local authorities have led to overflowing hospital wards as patients cannot be safely discharged. (The Lancet, FT)
and care homes in crisis The debate over the  financialisation  of the UK care home sector intensified as problems at Four Seasons Health Care deepened. Three of the four largest operators are run by private equity but loading up a narrow margin business with a high fixed-cost debt is hopelessly flawed, said the FT's Lombard column. Financial problems are hitting the US too. (FT, NYT)
Supermarkets and superbugs Marks and Spencer is the first supermarket in the UK to publish data on antibiotics in its supply chain. Concern has been rising that their overuse in animal farming could lead to antibiotic resistance in humans. (Guardian)
Cherokee fight back The US Cherokee Nation — hit hard by opioid addiction — is using its tribal court to fight the big pharmacy chains and drug distributors, claiming they have flouted drug-monitoring laws and allowed prescription opioids to flood into their territory at some of the highest rates in the country. (NYT)
Smoke signals WHO chief Tedros Adnaom Ghebreyesus urged governments to step up the fight against tobacco and do more to fight illicit trade. Scientists have questioned research behind iQOS, the ecigarette from Philip Morris awaiting approval from the FDA. It could become the first tobacco product allowed to be advertised as less harmful than cigarettes. (Project Syndicate, Reuters, Economist)
Phage therapy On the 100th anniversary of their discovery, interest is reviving in phages, the viruses described as  the most ubiquitous bacteria fighters on the planet  and their potential for combating antibiotic-resistance. (Outbreak News, Time) 
Organ donors The EU reported a 17 per cent increase in organ transplants between 2008 and 2015. Poorer rates were noted in countries hit by the economic crisis, as well as in Germany, where transplants fell 20 per cent, possibly because of a 2011 scandal on manipulation of waiting lists. (European Commission)
The secret life of antidepressants A third of antidepressants are taken for something else. Doctors are prescribing the drugs  off-label  for problems such as migraines, hot flashes, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and digestive illnesses. (Mosaic)
Health diplomacy The WHO framework on tobacco control — the organisation's first global treaty — has profound implications for the future of international health co-operation. (BMJ)
Chinese ambitions China's  Belt and Road  trade initiative could become a new  Silk Road to health . The country's greater engagement could strengthen development in poorer countries, help disseminate medical knowledge and more productively integrate eastern medicine with western. The country is also ramping up its role in the global drug industry. (The Lancet, NYT) 
Surgery in Africa The risk of death from surgery in Africa is double the global average because of scarce resources. One in five surgery patients develop a complication and 2 per cent die. It is estimated that 5bn people worldwide are unable to access safe surgical treatment, and 94 per cent of these live in low- and middle-income countries. (The Lancet) 
Migrant health The number of migrants looks set to increase but funding for research into their health problems is scarce. Diseases such as tuberculosis are prevalent: about three quarters of cases in the UK occur in migrants, usually about four years after they enter the country. (BMJ)
Health and wealth A study of outcomes for older people in the US and England found higher risks of death and disability among the poor in both countries, despite very different health systems. There is no marked improvement at 65 when state aid kicks in, suggesting problems may stem from long-term issues such as unstable housing and susceptibility to drug and alcohol addiction. (JAMA)
Antibiotic priorities The Lancet analyses the new WHO priority list —  the first international, global effort to prioritise research and development of new antibiotics according to bacterial drug resistance .
Alcohol and social class Frequent drinking increases the risk of death from cardiovascular disease, especially among the poor. The effects of binge drinking however are similar for rich and poor alike. (PLoS)
The fight against Alzheimer's British neuroscientist Joseph Jebelli on how the disease affects the brain and the long search for a treatment. (NPR, 29m)
Australian cannabis producers surge as Canberra moves to allow exports.
Spark to charge $850,000 for blindness drug.
Luxturna is most expensive treatment on market and price raises affordability questions.
NHS seeks to expand use of ‘drunk tanks’ in England.
Health chief attacks drift towards acceptance of a ‘National Hangover Service.
2017 in review.
Themes of the year, Katie Dain of the NCD Alliance, your top reads.
Price of first potential $1m drug under scrutiny.
Spark Therapeutics set to fuel debate over costs with gene therapy for blindness.
China gears up for industrial digitisation.
Flood of capital available to meet demand from army of willing consumers.
What the public services can learn from Uber.
Passengers and patients could benefit if local authorities mimic platform networks.
Teva plans ‘risky’ price rise on US medicines.
Backlash feared from customers and politicians as Israeli drugmaker rejigs ailing operations.
Private equity the wrong prescription for social care.
For assets such as care homes it is the longevity of capital, not just the amount, that matters.
Care homes struggle under private equity owners.
Battle between hedge fund and Four Seasons exposes risk of opaque structures.
Universal health cover, Jim Kim, wineglass sizes.
Bringing new hope to the fight against Alzheimer’s.
The FT’s Seasonal Appeal enlists help for a great scientific endeavour.
Bankers pay a price for selfless acts of kindness.
Lenders will find little cheer in new FCA rules for struggling credit card users.
Four Seasons wins late reprieve on debt repayment.
UK’s largest care home operator given until February to agree restructuring.
Four Seasons in crunch talks over debt deferral.
Deal to extend repayment into next year could be struck as early as Monday.
Stalwart investor boosts Advanced Oncotherapy.
Swedish backer Gabriel Urwitz helps medical equipment pioneer through rough patch.
Biotech fund veteran quits after misconduct claims.
Sam Isaly ran UK’s largest healthcare investment trust and founded Orbimed hedge fund.
The need for fresh approaches on dementia.
Alzheimer’s, Christophe Weber, obesity warnings.
Manufacturers respond to health edicts in food and drink recipes.
More governments are introducing rules to drive down use of sugar, salt and fat.
CVS looks to create new model with $69bn Aetna deal.
Drugstore chain hopes to win business by passing on savings to insurer’s clients.
NHS leaders warn of missed waiting-time targets.
Gauntlet thrown down to ministers on impact of continued austerity after Budget.
UK care home’s £1bn funding gap risks wave of closures.
Local authority cash shortfall means some providers are ‘not sustainable’, CMA warns.
Siemens unit to be Germany’s largest IPO since 1996.
Frankfurt beats New York for float of €40bn Healthineers diagnostics division.
HIV — reasons to be cheerful.
Jimmy Carter, EU health audit, your feedback.
Mediclinic: physician, heal thyself.
Group should focus on its own recovery before renewing interest in Spire.
Hospitals group Mediclinic ends talks with Spire.
Takeover rules bar South African company from renewing approach for six months.
Spire-Mediclinic takeover talks collapse.
Gulf steps up on neglected diseases.
New Global Fund head, Amazon drug speculation, EMA HQ decision imminent.
Desmond lottery plan challenges Camelot’s winnings.
A once-a-decade tendering process is far from optimal.
GE and Siemens: power pioneers flying too far from the sun.
The two industrial titans are struggling to cope with the disruption to their business models from wind and solar.
Decision time at Global Fund.
Thomas Cueni, boomer boozers, zombie diseases.
Aim stocks face succession questions.
Investors in some UK small companies are not always happy to see changes at the top.
Terra Firma offers creditors control of Four Seasons.
Move comes as Guy Hands’ firm looks to raise $3.4bn for buyout fund.
Hacking medical devices is the next big security concern.
A wide range of vulnerabilities in hospitals worldwide have been uncovered.
Pneumonia - the biggest killer of children.
Mario Raviglione, climate change, music and mental health.
Smith & Nephew results to be at lower end of expectations.
Chief Olivier Bohuon refuses to comment on activist pressure to break up medical devices group.
Smith & Nephew warns revenues will be at lower end of forecasts.
The WHO’s screeching U-turn on Mugabe.
Derek Yach, polio, rise of the body brokers.
Celgene sales target cuts signal wider biotech blues.
Disappointing prospects for new medicines has exposed lack of diversification.
Disability tech goes mainstream.
‘Assistive technologies’ are no longer a costly afterthought but an integral element in the design of products.
Thousands of US companies face healthcare penalties.
Sensitive timing for White House as it seeks corporate backing for tax reform plans.
Alzheimer’s immunotherapy boosted by AbbVie deal.
Tie-up with Alector to explore whether immune system can halt destruction of brain cells.
Mediclinic/Spire Healthcare: hospital pass.
Approach for UK group could not be more opportunistic — and needs treatment.
Spire lifted on news of £1.2bn Mediclinic offer.
UK private hospitals group rejects bid from biggest shareholder.
Opening Quote: Petra – (a bit of) what’s mine is yours.
Spire Healthcare shares soar on Mediclinic takeover bid.
Spire Healthcare rejects takeover offer from Mediclinic.
FTSE 250 private hospital operator rebuffs South African rival.
Philips Q3 core profit up 12% as China sales rise.
The painkiller shortage hurting the poor.
Natalia Kanem, child mortality and the rise of the robots.
Elliott pushes for disposals at Smith & Nephew.
Elliott urges Smith & Nephew to slim down business.
Fund wants group to explore disposals that could boost attraction as takeover target.
Medical tourism on the rise in central and eastern Europe.
Cheaper dentistry and cosmetic surgery costs tempt visitors.
Convatec chairman increases shareholding after profit warning.
Reckitt Benckiser: fission for compliments.
There’s some value in the household goods company’s plan to divide itself.
Can robots make up for Japan’s care home shortfall?
Without more immigration, the country is forced to turn to technology.
ConvaTec struggles to show wounds are skin deep.
Group’s strategic ‘delay’ is undoubtedly a derailment for shareholders.
ConvaTec loses a fifth of its value on sales warning.
Medical products maker blames supply issues as it cuts organic growth forecast.
Opening Quote: Aramco exposes Gulf in governance rhetoric.
Best of Lex: your weekly round-up.
HelloFresh, US IPOs, UK IPOs, Procter & Gamble, Smith & Nephew, Trump’s market rally and Neil Woodford.
World Bank says ‘go big, go fast’ to stub out tobacco.
Mental health at work, obesity, birth control battles.
Workplace health resources directory.
Research and guidance on improved physical, mental and social well-being at work.
Elliott takes stakes in GEA and Smith & Nephew.
Hedge fund’s move comes as US activists turn to Europe for more opportunities.
Smith & Nephew: hippy hippy shake-up.
Change of chief and an activist investor may presage corporate activity.
Packaging groups worst FTSE 100 performers after Mondi warns on profits.
Why I stood up for adolescent girls.
America’s regressive policies on abortion are a calamity for girls’ and women’s rights that the rest of the world must counter.
Activist hedge fund Elliott takes aim at Smith & Nephew.
Ex-Blackstone dealmaker stumbles in first solo bid.
Chinh Chu’s healthcare group Constellation said to face potential cash crunch.
Decoding cancer: a new age of precision medicine.
Treatments targeting the molecular features of a tumour could usurp chemotherapy — but at a price.
Opening Quote: Trinity Mirror’s age-old problem; Smith & Nephew; YouGov.
Smith & Nephew CEO to retire by end of 2018.
Olivier Bohuon will have led the medical device maker for seven years.
The silent epidemic of sleep loss.
The science of sleep, Janet Hemingway, speed dating.
Sleep has dominated health news this week. A leading neuroscientist brought out a hard-hitting book urging us to sleep more; the Nobel medicine prize went to scientists who discovered how our body clock controls the circadian rhythm of sleep and wakefulness; and an important finding was published on how the sleeping brain stores memories.
Matthew Walker's Why We Sleep is an angry attempt to awaken consciousness about a public health disaster caused by  the decimation of sleep throughout industrialised nations .
He maintains that a silent sleep-loss epidemic, resulting from changing social and employment patterns together with sleep-disrupting consumer products,  is having a catastrophic impact on our health, our life expectancy, our safety, our productivity and the education of our children . Walker advocates eight hours a night and argues that getting consistently less than seven raises your risk of suffering ailments including Alzheimer’s, cancer, diabetes, heart disease and stroke.
The Nobel Prize went to Jeffrey Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael Young, who worked out that a biochemical oscillation, involving a feedback loop between two genes and their protein products, keeps our body clocks ticking.
Juleen Zierath of the Nobel Assembly said their research helped to  raise awareness of the proper importance of sleep hygiene and the importance of really making certain we allow ourselves to go to bed at an hour that’s suitable .
A key function of sleep is processing and consolidating memories. By observing people asleep in an MRI scanner, researchers have watched the transfer of a memory trace from one region of the brain to another. It is the first time memories have been observed being filed away in humans during sleep.
We interview Janet Hemingway, who is retiring as director of the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine but has plenty of plans for the future.
Are we winning the battle against mosquito-borne diseases?
For malaria, it’s certainly a lot better than it was with deaths down from 2m to 600,000. But the curve has started to flatten out, because we have had many of the early gains and we now really need to concentrate on the real heartlands and where it is hardest to get. Other diseases like dengue have gone the other way — the mosquitoes that transmit have moved into populations which don’t have immunity.
What are the most exciting developments you have seen at the LSTM?
Developing new antibiotics and using old ones, and working out we could cure the disease and reverse the symptoms with lymphatic filariasis. The link between HIV, TB and malaria, and how to reach rural populations and take the stigma away from testing — an awful lot of social science is going on which is very exciting. And a lot of what we are learning in the tropics is relevant to the UK and the developed world as well.
I’m certainly not retiring. I’ll be having more fun with the science, with my existing work and new areas. There are a lot of consumer products out there that people buy to stop themselves getting bitten by mosquitoes, but we have no idea what impact that has on stopping transmission. I’d love to see products — that consumers want — that impact transmission, and a means of measuring it. It’s a huge untapped market.
Diet and health A report from food and agricultural experts blamed supermarkets for an obesity crisis in Africa as the middle classes move away from homegrown food. Fast food-chains such as KFC are increasing their presence and diabetes is rising. In the US, obesity is driving a rise in cancer. The WHO issued new guidelines on childhood obesity. (Guardian, Malabo Montpellier Panel, NYT, CDC, WHO)
Health leadership World Health Organization chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus announced his new leadership team with 60 per cent women. The UN appointed Dr Natalia Kanem — a pioneer in women's reproductive health — as head of the United Nations Population Fund. (WHO, The Wire, Devex)
Brexit bargaining Jockeying between EU members to host the post-Brexit European Medicines Agency after it leaves London is intensifying and morale among EMA staff is low, with many unhappy at the prospect of moving. The medical device industry also has Brexit worries. (FT)
Puerto Rico misery US officials are racing to cope with national shortages of drugs and medical devices manufactured at 80 plants in hurricane-hit Puerto Rico, while the island's residents are lacking care supplies and clean water. (NYT, WSJ)
Plague fears The UN and WHO are scaling up responses to plague in Madagascar. The country is regularly affected by the disease but this year's situation looks worse than usual, with 30 deaths since August. (NPR)
Casualties of war The New Barbarism is a documentary on how healthcare workers have become targets in Syria, Yemen and Afghanistan. (CSIS)
HIV hopes Rates of new HIV diagnoses in gay and bisexual men in the UK dropped 21 per cent over the past year — the first decline since the 1980s, when effective treatment first became available. (Public Health England)
Drug prices A pharma industry legal challenge to UK policy on drug prices has been defeated. Here's the FT scoop first reporting the action. In the US, Scott Gottlieb, new head of the Food and Drug Administration, said high prices were a "public health concern". Here are five reasons why. (FT, WSJ, Stat) 
Big pharma and consumer drugs Merck's possible sale of its consumer healthcare unit raises wider questions about how best to serve the retail market. The $107bn global over-the-counter sector has been growing at 5 per cent a year for the past five years. (FT)
Vaccination vigilance Endemic measles was eliminated in the US in 2000 but outbreaks are still occurring with failure to vaccinate the likely cause. The WHO discusses the best way to combat the scaremongering of anti-vaccination campaigners. (Jama, WHO)
Organ opt-out Clinicians and campaigners welcomed the move from Theresa May, the UK prime minister to switch the law in England to an "opt-out" approach to organ donation. Mrs May told her party conference that at least 500 people died last year for want of a suitable organ. (Huffington Post)
Trump tracker An interactive guide to the US president's health policies, from Obamacare repeal to opioids to drug prices. Eric Hargan was confirmed as Health and Human Services secretary after Tom Price's resignation over the use of a government jet. (Reuters, The Hill) 
Smoke signals US media are set to run court-mandated ads from Altria and British American Tobacco with texts such as "Altria, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco, Lorillard, and Philip Morris USA intentionally designed cigarettes to make them more addictive". The WHO has poured scorn on Philip Morris' new "Foundation for a Smoke-free World". (WSJ, WHO) 
Commercialising science Former BP boss John Browne, now chairman of London's Francis Crick Institute, London's new biomedical science centre, says he is determined to speed medical discoveries into the marketplace. New methods for pairing up scientists with business include "speed dating" at London Zoo. (FT)
History lessons 1. A look at the US opioid crisis — of 1908 — and its lessons for today's problems. 2. A BBC doc on the big business deals that transformed the way we deal with mental health — from ADHD to depression screening. 3. How stress was "democratised" in Britain. (Washington Post, BBC, The Conversation)
Cancer drugs Most cancer drugs approved by the EMA are not proven to extend life. "Individual patients can be harmed, important societal resources wasted, and the delivery of equitable and affordable care undermined." (BMJ)
Zika hopes An experimental method for fighting the virus with neutralising antibodies has proved successful in monkeys. (Science Translational Medicine)
Hepatitis Should hepatitis B virus be treated as a neglected tropical disease? There are many parallels with NTDs and a reclassification could speed the move towards eventual elimination. (PLoS)
Urban planning Green space provides positive effects for city dwellers such as improved air quality, increased physical activity, stress reduction, and greater social cohesion and can also help against allergies. (The Lancet)
The cost of guns Firearms accounted for more than 36,000 deaths in the US in 2015 — the third leading cause of injury-related death after poisoning and car crashes. (Health Affairs).
US regulator backs copycat version of Teva MS drug.
Israeli pharma company to face price competition on blockbuster treatment.
Ending unsafe abortions.
Tom Frieden, patent ploys, care robots.
Private sector offers NHS help ahead of winter.
Health companies prepared to provide almost 400,000 additional operations and tests.
Axovant Alzheimer’s drug fails in clinical trials.
New York- based biotech company shares plummet as dementia treatment hopes dashed.
Family-focused tech can nurture the economy, too.
Software to support the young and old is a transformational tool.
Maine senator dooms latest Republican healthcare bill.
Susan Collins leaves Graham-Cassidy reform plan short of votes to pass Senate.
DNA start-ups attract cash from venture funds.
Groups using genomics data to diagnose diseases on track for $3bn this year.
Dispatches from the United Nations.
Synthetic opioids, cholera and gender stereotypes.
China opioid boom as patients lose addiction fears.
Painkiller market sees rapid growth as cancer cases rise.
Boardroom commitment key to healthier workforce.
Workplace health, Sally Davies, magic mushrooms.
Spire Healthcare hit by breast surgery settlement.
UK private hospital group sets aside £27.6m to compensate 750 former patients.
Spire shares tumble 16% after profit warning and change in NHS policies.
Martin Shkreli sent to jail after Clinton hair post.
Pharma entrepreneur had offered $5,000 to anyone who could ‘grab a hair’ from her head.
Tenet Healthcare leaps on report it is weighing possible sale.
Guess how your income affects your health.
Our interactive shows that, as your pay increases, so do certain risky behaviours.
Health at Work.
As evidence mounts of the important role employers can play in improving the happiness and productivity of their staff, Britain’s Healthiest Workplace survey reveals this year’s winners.
Battling the bulge — why nurses are prone to obesity.
A quarter of British nurses have a body mass index of more than 30, and other countries report similar statistics.
Opioid abuse delivers time of reckoning to US employers.
Health insurance system is partly to blame for the epidemic that is costing companies $18bn a year.
It is hard to talk about suicide, but employers must.
When a colleague’s mental health deteriorates, managers must be ready to spot the signs and react appropriately.
Stem cells — pushing the boundaries.
Innovation v regulation, state-sponsored quackery, the language of madness.
Japan's groundbreaking efforts in stem-cell science have created a powerful domestic industry that enjoys a 12 per cent share of the nation's medical research budget. But fears are being voiced that state interference could blunt the country's cutting edge.
Other countries have also decided it is time to intervene. The US Food and Drug Administration last week announced a crackdown on "unscrupulous actors" in regenerative medicine — a move sweetened with a promise to also expedite approval for legitimate treatments.
Regulation of the stem cell industry is not only vexing regulators in the world's richest countries. The World Health Organization has also raised concerns over the increasing number of businesses offering stem cell therapies and the lack of an international framework to report and monitor the risks and benefits of these new treatments.
As science continues to push against the boundaries of regulation, the tussle between ethics, safety and innovation in health seems only likely to intensify. (FT, NYT, WHO)
Life expectancy has increased substantially in recent centuries and is a key measure of a population’s health but its calculation is not straightforward. (Our World in Data)
Post-flood fears As waters from South Asia's worst floods in a decade recede, thousands have been hit by diarrhoea, malaria and dengue. Up to 41m people in Bangladesh, India, Nepal and Pakistan have been affected by the crisis. (Reuters, Red Cross)
Yemen blame game As the number of cholera cases in Yemen passes 600,000, a UN official has said Saudi Arabia should fund all humanitarian aid to the country, accusing its military coalition of hampering efforts. Two-thirds of the 28m population face food shortages and lack access to clean water (Al Jazeera, Reuters, FT).
Zika disappointment Sanofi has halted its Zika vaccine project, pointing to reduced US funding. The drugmaker had come under fire over its intended pricing strategy. "Herd immunity" seems to be curtailing infections in Florida. (Stat, Chicago Tribune)
Ebola initiative Researchers are developing a platform to share hitherto scattered data on Ebola. Co-ordinated by the UK Infectious Diseases Data Observatory, the project is looking for west African leadership in the hope this will also lessen public mistrust of scientists. In Sierra Leone, a cartoon character is being used to persuade locals that chlorine disinfects — and does not kill patients. (Nature, PLoS)
Novartis: doctor in the house Vas Narasimhan, the Swiss drugmaker's head of drug development, will replace Joe Jimenez as chief executive, a rare example of a doctor becoming a pharma chief. But will a move from the laboratory to the boardroom improve returns for shareholders? Rival Eli Lilly announced job cuts and a focus on new medicines while AstraZeneca was boosted by good news on its cancer pipeline. 
'State-sponsored quackery' The growth of traditional Chinese medicine could lead to money being diverted from science-based treatments. China's regulator has approved 60,000 TCM medicines — almost a third of the country's pharmaceuticals market, the world's second largest. 
Opioid crisis Private equity firms are increasingly involved in the US opioid crisis, investing $2.9bn in treatment facilities last year. The first count of US drug overdoses for 2016 shows a jump of 22 per cent over 2015 to 64,000 with deaths from fentanyl more than doubling. A study says the crisis is holding back the US jobs recovery.
Premature births Researchers have discovered a way to heal ruptures in the membrane that surrounds the foetus, giving hopes for reduction of the one-in-nine pregnancies that currently end in premature birth before 37 weeks.
Hacking health Silicon Valley's brightest are turning their attention to the 5bn people who lack access to basic surgical care and for whom minor injuries become life-threatening. (Newsweek)
Cancer claims IBM pitched its Watson supercomputer as a real breakthrough in cancer care but a report suggests the company failed to fully assess the challenges of deploying it in hospitals. Alphabet, Google's parent, is backing a machine-learning cancer treatment.
Indonesia's smoking epidemic Indonesia has the highest percentage of male smokers in the world thanks in part to lax regulation and low prices. More than 267,000 Indonesia children are estimated to use tobacco every day. (CNN Health)
Skin lightening Global spending on skin lightening is set to triple to £31bn by 2024 but the quest for the "perfect skin" — via cosmetic creams, skin bleaching, chemical peels, laser treatments and "whitening pills" — is not just a cultural phenomenon — it's also dangerous. (Mosaic)
Unhealthy hearts Analysis of data from the NHS Heart Age Test, revamped this week, shows that one in 10 50-year-old men has the heart of a 60-year-old. A high heart age increases the risk of dementia, heart attack, stroke, chronic kidney disease and diabetes. (Public Health England)
Time for a salt shake-up? Experts have warned of the effects of sodium on blood pressure and heart disease since the 1970s but could the war on salt have gone too far? (NPR)
Teleporting specimens Genome pioneer Craig Ventner has built a prototype machine that works like a 3D printer for biological material. The "Digital to Biological Converter" would allow doctors to send DNA of viruses direct to laboratories, which could produce vaccines and send on to hospitals. (The Times)
Antimicrobial resistance Refugees are contributing to the growth of AMR as they flee countries with collapsed infrastructures and poor hygiene. South East Asia is causing particular concern. (Journal of Global Antimicrobial Resistance, BMJ collection)
Zika and brain cancer A new paper says the Zika virus could be used to fight types of brain cancer after tests on glioblastoma, a lethal variant. (Journal of Experimental Medicine)
Genetics and health A large study of British and American genes examines their influence on the health of subsequent generations. A UK professor has granted full public access to all 6bn biochemical letters of his genetic code — and encouraged others to do likewise. (PLoS Biology, FT)
Visualising genomic data New tools, inspired by Google Maps, are allowing researchers to chart the complex structures of chromosomes. (Nature)
Plastic surgery warning As adverts for plastic surgeons proliferate across social media platforms such as Instagram, a new warning on their bona fides. (Aesthetic Surgery Journal)
Privatisation of NHS temporary staff agency halted.
Government stops sale of NHS Professionals as financial performance improves.
 Life science strategy needs funding.
Life science strategy, Michael Bloomberg, can’t stop yawning.
Tenet announces CEO exit, board ‘refresh’.
Britain pays dearly for the shortfall in doctors.
One answer is to improve working conditions for practitioners.
NHS faces £100m agency bill to find enough doctors.
Recruiters to be paid £20,000 for each GP in drive to fulfil Hunt’s 7-day service pledge .
The Advisory Board: sum of the possible.
Taxes make bust-ups costly to shareholders.
Gilead faces pricing dilemma with new cancer treatment.
Near-$12bn purchase of Kite predicated on promising but expensive Car-T therapy.
US drugmaker Gilead in $12bn deal for rival Kite.
Deal validates Kite’s Car-T treatment for cancer by re-engineering white blood cells.
Cities lead the way on public health.
Municipal initiatives, bacteria from babies, Bollywood and bathrooms.
J&J unit speaks out at planned death row drug use.
Group says it does not condone use of its drugs in lethal injection as Florida eyes move.
ConvaTec hopes to cash in on demographic trends.
UK group sees plenty of growth potential in its products such as colostomy bags.
Tough times for generics.
Pharma developments, mosquitoes and malaria, ‘body brokers’.
Medical robotics: code comfort.
US specialists will have the lead in event of an arms race.
Drug groups face ‘tidal wave’ of opioid lawsuits.
US officials seek tobacco-style settlements to help deal with epidemic of addiction.
The pursuit of the impossible.
Doctors’ dilemmas, Detlev Ganten, LSD is back.
The Lancet this week tackles the ethical issues surrounding the case of Charlie Gard, the 11 month-old baby who died from a rare mitochondrial disorder after a dispute between his parents and doctors over his treatment had blown up into a media storm.
Clinical decisions are rarely black or white and discussing shades of grey is especially difficult when a baby is involved. The Lancet also examines the delicate balance for doctors in ensuring patients have access to innovative treatments but that these treatments are in their best interests.
This would be hard enough in itself but both sides must now also contend with armchair commentators. One of Charlie's medical team at London's Great Ormond Street wrote in The Guardian of the abuse directed at hospital colleagues and criticism from "Donald Trump, the Pope and Boris Johnson, who suddenly knew more about mitochondrial diseases than our expert consultants".
If we imagine a Venn diagram of overlapping circles of medicine, the law and personal autonomy, writes FT columnist Anjana Ahuja, such cases sit uneasily in the shaded part. This overlap will only expand as science blurs the boundaries between life and death.
We can, sadly, expect many more predicaments as experimental medicine continues its pursuit of the impossible, she concludes.
Professor Detlev Ganten, president of the World Health Summit (October 15-17) and former chief executive and chair of the Charité university hospital in Berlin.
What is your biggest challenge at the Charité?
The Charité-Universitätsmedizin Berlin is one of the biggest university hospitals in Europe with about 7,000 students and almost 1,000 graduates per year. This is a huge responsibility as teaching has to be based on the best of science but has to incorporate social responsibility and respond to global challenges as well. We experience new developments in medicine, healthcare, public health, digital health, and many other areas at an unprecedented pace.
What explains growing German interest in health in developing countries?
Germany has a long tradition in public and global health: 150 years ago, Rudolf Virchow, Robert Koch, Emil von Behring and Paul Ehrlich pioneered what we know today as global health. I am very happy that politics and academia are revitalising this strong tradition. Wealthy countries like Germany have a responsibility to do more to improve health and wellbeing of less fortunate countries and people around the world. Only countries with healthy people are safe and stable countries.
What do you hope to achieve at the World Health Summit this year?
To improve health worldwide we need international co-operation of stakeholders which is why the World Health Summit brings together experts from academia, politics, the private sector and civil society to work on today’s central topics in global health like universal health coverage, antimicrobial resistance and health-related humanitarian problems. We know we reach the decision makers who can initiate change and help improve the health and wellbeing of people in need.
Measles on the march Romania is taking action to boost falling vaccination rates after its worst outbreak of measles for decades. The problem highlights a wider resurgence across Europe, despite the availability of an effective vaccine since 1979. Should vaccination be compulsory? Discuss the issues on our Facebook page. (FT)
Cholera in Yemen War-torn Yemen has experienced 1,921 cholera deaths and 443,000 suspected cases in three months. The WHO with Unicef and the World Food Programme called for an acceleration of the peace process, protection of civilian infrastructure, the fulfilment of donor promises and support for Yemen's long-term recovery. The UK on Friday stepped up its aid efforts but commentators have been highly critical of the lack of action from the world community (WHO, DfID, Lancet, Politics Home)
US opioid crisis President Trump is set to take the advice of his White House Commission and declare a national emergency as new figures showed overdose deaths rising. Another study shows how much money doctors have received from pharma companies marketing prescription opioids. (Reuters, CNN, Washington Post, Kaiser)
Antibiotic boost A new cloud-based computing platform hopes to "spark" the discovery of new antibiotics. Data-sharing tools have been used in other areas but the Shared Platform for Antibiotic Research and Knowledge is the first for antibiotics. (Cidrap)
Hepatitis vaccine A global shortage of the Hepatitis B vaccine because of supply issues at Merck and GSK is leading to rationing in the UK. The problem is likely to continue until early 2018. (BMJ, Biopharma Reporter, BMA)
Net benefits A new generation of insecticide-treated mosquito nets kill up to 75 per cent of the insects and remain effective after 20 washes. A study showed new tests for malaria have improved treatment, but also that many people still did not get the proper drugs or were overprescribed antibiotics. (SciDevNet, NYT)
GSK strategy shift Emma Walmsley — the first woman to run a big drugmaker — told the FT she would be injecting more commercial rigour into GSK with a greater emphasis on producing blockbuster drugs. (FT)
Shkreli convicted The brash biotech entrepreneur was convicted of fraud after a trial that drew attention to his reputation as a  price gouger  of life-saving medicines. Here's a very entertaining Lunch with the FT piece from 2016. Can the pharma industry now move on? (FT, Stat) 
Mental health A health centre for native Alaskans that embeds mental and emotional healthcare in their primary care practices has delivered better care at lower cost. Could it be rolled out elsewhere? In the UK, research from the Mind charity says men are twice as likely to have mental health problems due to their job. (Politico, Mind)
Living with loneliness Social isolation could be a greater public health threat than obesity. Approximately 42.6m adults over age 45 in the US are estimated to be suffering from chronic loneliness. (American Psychological Association)
Stress signs A look at what happens to your body when you're stressed — from respiratory and immune systems to heart rate and hormones. (The Conversation)
Gene genius A new book tells the story of the Crispr gene-editing project from the point of view of one of the scientific trio credited with its application. Take this quiz to see if you can distinguish gene-editing fact from fiction. (FT, NYT)
Where's the pill for men? A new form of male birth control would likely grab a significant slice of the contraceptive market — expected to pass $33bn by 2023. The male pill has been five years away for the last 40 years. What's taking so long? (Bloomberg)
Football warning As the English Premier League prepares for the big kick-off, an expert says the game must change if it wants to prevent more catastrophic brain injuries. Bennet Omalu first identified chronic traumatic encephalopathy among NFL players and inspired the film Concussion. (Telegraph)
Casualties of war The Eastern Mediterranean Region — 22 countries of more than 500m people — faces severe public health challenges thanks to wars, especially in Yemen, Iraq and Syria, and economic change. There has been a sharp increase in mental health problems and deaths due to HIV/Aids, especially in Somalia, Sudan and Djibouti. (International Journal of Public Health)
Cholera at the Hajj The explosive outbreak of cholera in Yemen — from where many pilgrims originate — represents a serious risk at this year’s Hajj. (The Lancet)
Diabetes hope A treatment to stop the progression of the most common type of diabetes in children and young adults has shown promising results in its first clinical trial. (FT, Science Translational Medicine)
UK health spending A new analysis suggests UK spending on healthcare has been underestimated. The reappraisal reflects a new definition of what constitutes  health  spending, including more of what has traditionally been thought of as  social care . New data, however, showed waiting lists at their highest for a decade. (BMJ, FT)
North-south divide A study of 50 years of data shows "alarming growth" in early deaths among 25-44 year olds in the north of England since the mid-1990s. This is on top of the gap in lifespan between the two halves of the country that has lasted for decades. (Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health)
SoftBank leads $1bn investment in biotech group.
Roivant stake is the first time conglomerate has used Vision Fund to back a drugmaker.
Valeant gains breathing room during recovery.
Drugmaker exceeds results expectations after accounting scandal.
Fresenius Medical Care to buy NxStage for $2bn.
Acquisition will help German group push further into home dialysis treatment.
Fresenius/NxStage: dialysis analysis.
Renal specialist agrees a strategically sensible but expensive takeover.
The security challenge.
Cyber attacks, Paul Stoffels, breastfeeding targets.
The New England Journal of Medicine this week labelled May's cyber attack on Britain's NHS  a wake-up call  for modern medicine, adding to demands for the sector to take security more seriously.
Few institutions are prepared for such attacks, as the NHS incident — which hit one in five English hospitals — demonstrated. Business also needs to play its part. As many as two in five makers of medical devices say they have not taken steps to prevent attacks. The US Food and Drug Administration has issued guidelines to manufacturers to beef up their defences while companies such as Johnson & Johnson and Philips are sending staff to cyber conferences to learn from "white hat" hackers.
The essential briefing for decision makers on global health
This week we also reported FBI fears over  biological security  and concerns that the US was not doing enough to protect the genomic data used to create lucrative new medicines — data that could also be used to develop bioweapons.
Biomedical research relies on open cross-border networks: the US Genome Project, for example, would have taken much longer without help from Britain, Germany, France, Japan and China. The challenge for governments and industry alike is how to keep patients and medical data safe without damaging this crucial collaboration.
Paul Stoffels, chief scientific officer at Johnson & Johnson, which has launched a groundbreaking medicine for TB and is testing a drug for HIV and working on an experimental vaccine.
How important a breakthrough is your long-acting HIV therapy?
We have been working on this for a long time. It involves two principles: going from three drugs to two once HIV is undetectable, and then continuing with long-acting injectables. The slow-release technology comes from our work with antifungals and antipsychotics. Now we know that once every two months is do-able, we are experimenting with treatment every six months. This could be transformational for compliance, and for patients who can’t get pills every day.
Are you confident about success with your HIV vaccine?
It is one of the things I am most excited about. It represents 10 years of work. We were able to get very strong immunity in non-human primates. We have brought it into humans in 400 volunteers, and it has shown the same immunological response as in the primates. We think we have a vaccine we can bring to Phase 2B efficacy studies. It’s always high-risk but we have to continue to try.
How is your TB drug bedaquiline progressing?
We discovered the first new target after many decades; it was a lucky find. Now it gives us new pathways to look at, allowing us to go further than we ever thought. We have rolled it out to a large percentage of people with exceptionally positive results. So far 12,000 have been treated. It shows that adding a new drug with a new mechanism is a very valuable tool in multi-drug resistant TB. We are continuing research for a new triple therapy.
Breastfeeding No country is meeting international standards on breastfeeding according to research which says an investment of just $4.70 per newborn could generate $300bn in economic gains by 2025. In five of the largest emerging economies — China, India, Indonesia, Mexico and Nigeria — this lack of investment kills an estimated 236,000 children a year. (Devex, Unicef/WHO)
Leprosy leap Millions of leprosy cases are going unreported, experts say, 15 years after the disease was all but eliminated. Stigma, lack of knowledge and reduced funding are said to be the causes. (The Guardian)
China success Remarkable progress has been made on malaria in China over the last ten years, financed by the Global Fund and the Chinese government. Elimination programmes included indoor residual spraying, the distribution of insect nets and robust surveillance systems. (WHO monthly bulletin)
US aid goals The US Agency for International Development’s  Investing for Impact  report examines trends in global health financing and highlights how USAID is using private investment to implement its programmes. (USAID)
Filling the gap The  She Decides  initiative set up in the Netherlands to replace funding left by US withdrawal from overseas programmes that "provide or promote" abortion has raised $300m. HIV prevention efforts in Africa are at risk from the cuts. (NPR, FT Health, Guardian)
US opioid crisis The US commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis called for the president to declare a national emergency, citing a death toll  equal to September 11 every three weeks . Mississippi and other administrations have launched legal actions against pharma companies. (W Post, White House, FT)
UK drug deaths Record numbers are dying from drug poisoningin England and Wales with a big jump in fatalities from cocaine and the fentanyl painkiller — a key cause of US opioid deaths. Drug users in their 40s, the so-called  Trainspotting generation  — a reference to Danny Boyle's 1996 film about heroin addicts — are now the most affected. (BBC)
Antimicrobial resistance in Europe European agencies published more evidence on the link between antibiotic use and resistance in humans and animals. "To contain antibiotic resistance we need to fight on three fronts at the same time: human, animal, and the environment," said Vytenis Andriukaitis, European Commissioner for Health and Food Safety. (Cidrap)
Superbug scare US hospitals are taking evasive action to avoid the  catastrophic threat  of an outbreak of Candida auris, a member of the broader Candida fungal family that has hit institutions such as London's Royal Brompton. (Stat)
UK life sciences laggard A report for pharma giant Pfizer says Britain is falling behind in the prescription of new medicines, despite its prowess in science and a skilled workforce. Fixes suggested include new pricing models such as payment by results and multiyear NHS budgets. (FT)
Statins under scrutiny As the ubiquity of the cholesterol-lowering drugs grows, so does the controversy surrounding them. Do they deliver clinically meaningful benefits? (FT, British Journal of General Practice)
Tobacco industry smoulders The FDA's suggestions of stricter tobacco controls have left analysts pondering the industry's future. Cutting nicotine levels could lead to a sharp fall in cigarette smoking but might also encourage companies to encourage alternatives such as ecigarettes. (FDA, FT)
American health The more a developed country spends on healthcare, the longer its people live. The US is the exception with a life expectancy of 78.8 years, ranking 27th among OECD nations. The country spends more per capita on prescription medicines and over-the-counter products than all its peers. (Bloomberg)
Medicine's middle men How US pharmacy benefit managers affect medication costs and patients’ access to treatments. (Kaiser video)
Genetic breakthrough Researchers using Crispr gene-editing technology have corrected a genetic defect in newly-created human embryos for the first time, raising hopes that some inherited diseases could be prevented. Discuss the issues and vote in our Twitter poll. (Nature, FT)
Blindness The global number of blind people increased 18 per cent between 1990 and 2015 to 36m and is forecast to rise to 115m by 2050. The number of those with moderate to severe visual impairment is set to rise from 217m to 588m. The increases are mainly due to growing and ageing populations. (The Lancet)
Dealing with Dengue Air travel is largely responsible for the spread of the Dengue virus, now affecting 390m people each year. Hubs such as Thailand and India help epidemics take hold, while China, Cambodia, Indonesia, and Singapore spread the virus to other Asian countries. (PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases)
Research methods Examining alternatives to randomised control trials, long held up as the  gold standard  of clinical research. (NEJM)
Mediterranean diet The benefits of the Mediterranean diet with plenty of fresh fruit, vegetables and fish have been well documented but a new study shows the effects are largely confined to the better off, suggesting that richer families are able to buy better quality food higher in antioxidants and polyphenols and lower in pesticides. (International Journal of Epidemiology)
Sleep and obesity Adults suffering from a lack of sleep are more likely to be affected by obesity and other health problems. Globally, it is estimated that sleep duration on workdays has declined by 37 minutes in the last decade. (PLoS One)
Chronic fatigue syndrome A new study strengthens the view that myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME) — better known as chronic fatigue syndrome — is caused by inflammation. The disease has no known cure or effective treatments, is particularly prominent among women and can persist for decades. (PNAS, Stanford)
Fat switch Researchers say they have discovered a  switch  in the brain that co-ordinates energy expenditure with feeding and could have implications for the treatment of obesity. (Cell Metabolism)
ConvaTec: walking wounded.
Dressing maker is doing little to restore trust in private equity backed IPOs.
Theranos settles suit with ex-partner Walgreens.
The embattled blood-testing group is working through a thicket of litigation.
Medical device makers wake up to cyber security threat.
Ethical hackers have warned of potentially lethal vulnerabilities in key equipment for years.
 Antibiotics under scrutiny.
Antibiotics under scrutiny, Deborah Waterhouse, dog walking benefits.
Medical stocks at risk from NHS belt-tightening.
The health service is outsourcing more than ever but faces demands to rein in budgets.
US health insurers shrug off chaos over Obamacare.
Share prices outpace the market as groups focus on other areas of their businesses.
Mixed progress on HIV.
HIV progress, Michel Sidibé, drivers of dementi.
Improvement in life expectancy halves since 2010.
Review of health inequality indicates cuts in social care affect wellbeing.
 Family planning pledges more important than ever.
Family planning summit, Big Tobacco, healthy coffee.
Republican ‘kamikaze’ healthcare plan on life support.
Crunch week for the Trump administration’s effort to replace Obamacare.
Health and tax overwhelm the Republicans.
The party should let the bill die and take a bipartisan approach to tax reform.
UK start-up to commercialise products with NHS.
Drayson deal will see healthcare trust receive royalties from successful inventions.
Germany takes leadership on global health.
G20 on health, BT Slingsby, Fasting.
Angela Merkel puts health at the centre of the G20 agenda; antimicrobial resistance poses a threat to the global economy; South Africa reaches a crunch point in its fight against HIV; and why wellness is moving into the workplace.
Drug-resistant infections threaten economies.
Former World Health Organization chief likens dangers to ‘slow-motion tsunami’.
Germany puts Africa’s health on agenda.
Merkel’s presidency spurs efforts to deal with global health perils.
Chinese mothers reject the fashion for C-sections.
Lucy Hornby on a backlash against high rates of surgical intervention in child birth.
One-third of English nursing homes underperforming.
Care Quality Commission says 32% of homes inspected are ‘inadequate’ or need improvement.
Fears over a medical gold rush in cancer drug race.
With almost 800 trials under way observers warn scientific rigour is being compromised.
Can financial innovation help prevent catastrophes?
Pandemic bonds, Flemming Ornskov, purls of wisdom.
Philips: healthier rating.
Acquisition of Spectranetics could result in a higher stock valuation.
IHH Healthcare hunts acquisitions in India.
Asia’s biggest healthcare operator plots expansion as demand for private hospitals rises.
Hospital stocks swing as GOP debates health reform.
Medicaid cuts are delayed in the Senate bill but analysts see long-term threat.
A Trumpcare debacle is at risk of becoming real.
Republicans are rushing through a bill that deserves to fail.Mylan investors reject bumper executive payouts.
Shareholders vote against remuneration following outcry over high EpiPen price.
Whitbread investors can afford to sleep easy.
Current share price values a Costa Coffee turnround on just a few times earnings.
Senate Republicans struggle over healthcare divisions.
Mitch McConnell pledges to reveal draft bill cloaked in secrecy.
ConvaTec appoints first woman to its board.
Last FTSE 100 group with all-male representation at senior level tackles gender mix.
Midwifery: the hidden hero of development.
Private sector can help address misperceptions and a funding gap.
Chinese group nears deal for US care chain Brookdale.
Transaction poised to escape Beijing’s clampdown on offshore acquisitions.
CSL to buy stake in Chinese blood plasma fractionator.
Patients vent anger at India’s healthcare failings.
Verbal or physical assaults on hospital staff affect up to 75% of medics.
Health policymakers home in on universal coverage.
Lack of access is a problem that affects rich and poor countries alike.
Four innovators improve access to healthcare.
The FT highlights the work of ayzh, mPharma, Live Well and Unjani in Africa and Asia.
South Africa learns lessons from HIV/Aids crisis.
Epidemic showed government the importance of collaboration to widen healthcare reach.
Access to Healthcare.
Growing and ageing populations around the world are creating stronger demand for healthcare. Yet limited money and out of date infrastructure mean policymakers in rich and poor countries alike are faced with the challenge of making sure their citizens have access to the resources they need.
Mexico takes measures to prevent ‘super-obesity’.
Government builds on its soda tax to improve health and stave off diabetes.
Funding the fight against disease.
WHO resources, Mark Dybul, controlling tobacco.
Behind the buzz of the election of Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as director-general of the World Health Organization, two important themes emerged from its marathon annual assembly which closed this week.
The first was the diversity of the more than 80 items on the agenda. This included rising concern about non-communicable diseases (NCDs), which are becoming a growing burden on governments in poorer as well as richer countries.
The essential guide for decision makers in health — straight to your inbox every Friday
A resolution on the public health response to dementia stressed that of the 50m people diagnosed around the world, over half were in poorer nations. Yet fewer than 30 countries even have a national plan to respond. With no cure in sight, focus is needed on prevention including improved diet and exercise — as for so many other NCDs.
The second theme was resources. The WHO’s proposed 2018-19 budget, at $4.4bn, is up 3 per cent on the previous year. The organisation still allocates more than twice as much for communicable as non-communicable diseases although such divisions are becoming increasingly arbitrary.
The planned contribution by member countries includes 22 per cent from the US alone. Whether that will be paid remains to be seen. If Mr Tedros can refocus the agency and bring in the pledged funding, he will easily justify his starting base salary of $241,276.
We spoke to Mark Dybul, who this week finished more than four years as executive director of the Global Fund to fight Aids, TB and Malaria. His replacement is due to be selected by November.
What were your greatest achievements at the fund?
They are collective achievements. We shifted the focus back to the country as the place where things need to happen. We repositioned the secretariat as servants to the people in the countries: government, civil society, the private sector. We also introduced a new funding model and focused on how to use data to drive decision-making for greater impact. When you shift the focus and impact into the country, they have the responsibility.
What were your biggest frustrations?
Leaving without a successor. There is a vulnerability that goes with that. This is a challenging time in the world, which is very unfortunate. We are also not as far along in embedding as much of the changes in culture and processes as I would have hoped. We are way too process-heavy, too risk-averse, not adaptable or flexible enough. I’m still frustrated we have not taken the adolescent and young person epidemic in HIV anyway near seriously enough. We are not making the progress in TB we should, and there is a risk of backsliding in malaria.
What are the challenges for your successor?
It’s understanding how global health fits within development and the world. It’s a very different place than 15 years ago: the socio-economic and political shifts, the rapid flow of ideas and people, movement and uncertainty. We continue to operate in a model that is 75 years old. We need to finance health in a fundamentally different way and understand how to respond to vulnerability and inequality. We need a shift from scaling up the response to ending epidemics. And fund governance is complex. Our board needs to understand that having a blocking minority is an issue.
No smoke without ire A number of studies marked World No Tobacco Day on Wednesday, including a report on the industry’s environmental impact, and research showing most young smokers want to quit. There were also calls to increase tobacco prices and extend plain packaging. Tobacco kills more than 7m people a year. (CDC, World Bank, WHO, PLoS)
Climate change and health As the US walks away from international commitments on climate change, here are reminders of how global warming can spread epidemics and how environmental challenges could undermine health advances of recent decades. Climate change is already making us sick, doctors say. (Washington Post, BMJ, NBC)
Zika fears Health authorities have welcomed a drop in Zika cases but debate is raging in India about an alleged cover-up.Researchers have separate worries about the collection of data on the disease while the Trump administration is coming under more pressure over its deal with Sanofi to develop a vaccine. (The Hindu, Nature, Boston Globe)
Cholera in Yemen The WHO flew 67 tonnes of cholera response supplies to Yemen, the Arab world’s poorest nation which is expected to have 130,000 cases within weeks. The UN Security Council was told that the civil war, cholera outbreak and widespread hunger could lead to the collapse of the country. (WHO, FT, WHO, Deutsche Welle) 
US drug prices The debate over the cost of medicines in the US is heating up as drugmakers, pharmacists, politicians and middlemen fight over who is to blame. Big pharma spent a record $58m in political lobbying in 2016. Older people are most affected. (NYT, Kaiser, WSJ)
Cancer update The American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting this weekend is a key event for scientists and drugmakers alike. Can Roche’s Herceptin franchise endure? Will the location of a tumour become less important? Can combination therapy extend the benefits of immunotherapy? Can AstraZeneca build an oncology powerhouse? (FT)
Tackling opioid addiction Last year more than 52,000 Americans died of drug overdoses, mostly from opioids such as heroin and fentanyl. West Virginia has the highest overdose rate in the country and Ohio is accusing drugmakers of fuelling the epidemic. The US National Institutes of Health is working with private partners to tackle overdoses and find alternative, non-addictive treatments for chronic pain. (Telegraph, The New Yorker, FT, NEJM) 
Medical tourism Half a million Chinese went abroad for medical treatment in 2016, a fivefold increase from the previous year, as the rich bypass an overburdened domestic system for treatment of conditions such as cancer. (New York Times)
Measuring healthcare With little research to compare quality of healthcare, the WHO calls for an improvement in data collection, measurements and presentation. A separate study of US healthcare providers found that measuring a diverse range of indicators including patient experience led to better safety records — and bigger profits. (WHO, Harvard Business Review)
Brussels Brexit blast Medicines made in Britain will be treated as imports by the EU if no deal is reached in Brexit negotiations and UK life sciences will face new regulations, the European Commission warned. Brexit could also cost the NHS £500m if expats returned for treatment once EU reciprocal arrangements end. A campaign is urging the EU to take up the role of global health leader. (FT, Deutsche Stiftung Weltbevölkerung)
Paraguay paragon About 30m people in Latin America do not have access to safe water and 100m lack sanitation, despite the region's freshwater resources. One country stands out: Paraguay — with 94 per cent of its rural population now enjoying clean water. (The Guardian)
Air pollution UK campaigners launched a court action over the government’s "flawed" air pollution proposals as campaigners claimed the premature death toll from dirty London air this year hit 1,000. (Evening Standard)
Wales blazes trail Not only has Wales led the rest of the UK on public health provisions such as smoking bans, obesity and reforming pharmacy services, but it is the first country in the world to introduce statutory health impact assessments of the effect of public actions on citizens’ health. (The Conversation) 
Native wisdom Can traditional healing practices be integrated into modern healthcare? The Nuka integrated system of care for the Alaska native community has become an international model of reform. (Stanford Social Innovation Review)
The peanut problem Can science crack the peanut allergy? Amid the rise in food allergies, two new treatments are on the verge of approval. Here is how they work and a look at why our food has turned against us. (FT) ​
Zombie time Scientists are planning to inject stem cells into someone declared clinically brain-dead to see if they can be brought back to life. The subjects are also injected with proteins, given electrical nerve stimulation and laser brain therapy.  Of course, many folks are asking the ‘what comes next?’ question,  said the chief executive of the company running the trial . . . (Stat)
Vector control A new push is needed to target mosquitoes, flies, ticks, bugs and other vectors that transmit pathogens, a method proven to be the best way to prevent the spread of infectious disease. (The Lancet)
Diarrhoea deaths Half a million children under five still die from diarrhoea each year although the global figure fell by a third between 2005-15. It is the fourth leading cause of death. (The Lancet)
Older mothers The average age of new mothers continues to rise in richer countries. A new study lays out the complications facing women who delay childbirth past 40. (PLoS Medicine)
US healthcare How will the Senate treat the reform proposals passed by the House on issues such as Medicaid, subsidies for the private insurance market, tax cuts, and funding for Planned Parenthood? (NEJM)
Brain stimulation Scientists hope a new method of electrically stimulating neurons tested on mice could be applied to humans suffering from brain disease. (Cell)
Thought for food A look at how your brains, digestive system and energy needs conspire to determine your appetite. (PLoS)
Republican healthcare plans leave patients anxious.
Concerns grow that law will raise costs or deny coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Mediclinic beats profit forecasts but warns Middle East improvement will take years.
Four Seasons Health Care raises fees for elderly.
UK’s biggest care home operator says increases needed to offset food and energy costs.
Tory social care plans are a nudge to eat pizza.
They entrench incentives to divest wealth early, writes Chris Giles.
Never mind the robots; future jobs demand human skills.
In ageing nations, the fastest growing occupations are caring for others.
Tech is the tool to spur a healthcare revolution.
Big data and artificial intelligence would address the productivity challenge.
US owner puts Aspen Healthcare up for sale.
Move comes after Tenet agreed to pay more than $513m to resolve fraud case.
Rex Bionics to leave Aim after struggles.
Meditech pioneer walks away from UK investors to work on new designs for robotic legs.
Pricing row bares role of pharmacy benefit managers.
Anthem dispute with Express Scripts shifts focus in battle over high drug prices.
Smith & Nephew revenues flat despite emerging market improvements.
US hospital stocks turn softer ahead of healthcare vote.
Ping An to launch $1bn fintech and healthcare fund.
Molina Healthcare shares spike after leadership shuffle.
Cancer fund failure highlights drug price dilemma.
The challenge is to keep treatments affordable but still encourage innovation.
More evidence means smarter use of funds.
Assess the available information to ensure that limited resources have maximum impact.
Laboratory breeds mosquitoes to kill their offspring.
Oxford-grown insects pass toxic genes to their young.
Combating Malaria.
We look at the latest genetic breakthroughs, medicines and the prospects for an anti-malarial vaccine, a potential role for GM mosquitoes and other leading features of the advances and continuing fight against the disease.
Becton Dickinson: meeting expectations.
Investors do pay attention at Analyst Day.
Digital disrupters take big pharma beyond the pill.
Start-ups are developing gadgets that are reducing the need for medication.
Fast-growing medical tech industry sees $24bn deal.
Becton Dickinson borrows heavily for takeover of Bard.
Theranos accused of setting up secret company.
Off-the-shelf machines were used to run most of its blood tests, lawsuit claims.
Vision Express buys Tesco’s opticians business.
Vaccines.
Vaccine research grows vigorously, propelled by rising world demand to fight existing diseases and to guard against new threats.
Science looks to create the right genetic recipe.
Proponents say vaccines made of RNA and DNA will prove safer and cheaper.
Shandong scandal damages confidence in health system.
Chinese black market case shines light on poor regulation.
The demands of disease drive science.
Producers aim much R&D at targets such as Ebola and HIV for which no vaccine exists.
Medtronic sells unit to Cardinal Health for $6.1bn.
World’s largest provider of medical technology slims down after big acquisition.
Syria’s ‘Aleppo boil’ spreads with refugees through the region.
The country’s civil war has allowed the infamous disease to re-emerge, and even families that have fled have not escaped it.
Leprosy: India’s hidden plague.
Funding and progress on treatment for the disease stalled, pushing those afflicted into a life of stigma and poverty.
Pioneering surgery on the plains of Western China.
A world-leading programme in the region’s vast uplands is battling an epidemic of the parasitic disease echinococcosis.
FDA arthritis drug rejection hits Eli Lilly shares.
New Baricitinib medicine unexpectedly fails to win US approval.
Abbott revises $5.3bn Alere deal to end legal spat.
US medical device makers end protracted legal dispute with deal at reduced price.
Mediclinic’s Middle East arm still struggling, but margins better than expected.
Sodexo set to expand in UK elderly home care.
French group expects to benefit from growing number of self-paying customers.
Testing times for the UK’s university spin-off funds.
Investing in intellectual property commercialisation is not without risks.
G4S sells US youth detention centres.
Hospitals attempt to solve UK’s bed-blocking crisis.
St Helens and Knowsley’s performance improvements highlight wider problems elsewhere in the NHS.
US hospital stocks log best day of 2017 after GOP healthcare failure.
New painkiller aims to avoid buzz that feeds addiction.
Researchers point to ‘quantum leap’ in developing drugs to help combat opioid epidemic.
Employers can help fix American healthcare.
The market has almost no price transparency and is controlled by vested interests.
Opera and gourmet pasta? Luxury care homes break the mould.
With much of the sector in crisis, investors have appetite for high-end residential care.
Trump’s abortive attempt at healthcare reform.
A bad bill lays bare disunity and inexperience in the Republican party.
Virgin Care sues NHS after losing child services deal.
Branson-run group disputes three-year contract worth £82m given to consortium.
How a pharmacist turned fintech entrepreneur.
Mission to fight high drug prices drove Michael Rea to build Rx Savings website.
US hospital job growth cooling even before ACA reform.
Investors begin to sour on Chinese health apps.
Confidence in alternatives to hospitals eroded by worries over profitability.
Obamacare reform: lucrative paralysis.
Tax policy continues to subsidise healthcare spending.
Sticking plasters rank above fundamental reforms.
The government must grasp the nettle on key domestic issues, writes Sebastian Payne.
NHS enlists tech start-up to kick-start social care.
Patient-carer matching service aims to tackle issue of bed-blocking.
Rise and fall of Adeptus is parable of Wall St hype.
The banks’ hard sell guaranteed a glittering listing for now-troubled healthcare provider.
ConvaTec beats profit forecasts with maiden results.
Europe's plan to fight rare diseases.
Welcome to our new newsletter.
Tom Frieden interview, R&D trends, news round-up and the latest health journal research.
Campbell Soup aims to recapture wholesome image.
Investment in start-up offering genetically tailored meals shows appetite for growth.
Mediclinic warns on revenues at Middle East arm.
Al Noor Hospitals Group hit by cuts to state aid and staffing problems.
Mediclinic: hospital pass.
Problems in Abu Dhabi may delay a possible bid for the rest of Spire.
Abu Dhabi difficulties weigh on Mediclinic shares.
Think-tank calls for investment in social care.
NHS integration with local authorities at risk without more money, says King’s Fund.
UK economy can ill-afford to lose foreign workers.
The additional strain on an already buckling sector will hit the whole country.
Lords call for better funding of long-term care.
Providing incentives to save would encourage financial services industry to innovate.
Smith & Nephew pledges improvement after weak growth.
US federal court blocks $48bn Anthem-Cigna merger.
Judge says deal might substantially reduce competition in concentrated market .
NHS goes private for hip and knee operations.
Third of joint replacements carried out by private companies amid bed shortage.
Doctors warn on NHS move to charge foreign patients.
Initiative on non-urgent treatment aims to recover £500m a year.
Health insurers give notice on Obamacare market.
With lawmakers set to repeal healthcare reform, Aetna, Anthem and Cigna reassess role.
What business thinks of Donald Trump.
CEOs are split between hope for reforms and concern over controversial executive actions.
Innovation needed to tackle global epidemic of non-communicable diseases.
Rite Aid shares hit by Walgreens Boots deal doubts.
Concerns increase on whether regulators will approve takeover.
The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts.
Rise in health spending fails to deliver longevity increases seen in other countries.
Philippines and Vietnam to drive health insurance growth.
FTCR survey finds increasing dissatisfaction with rising insurance premiums.
Tech start-ups try to fix US elderly care sector.
Entrepreneurs are using digital platforms to lift standards and help ageing population.
J&J blames strong dollar for 2017 forecast.
Chief Alex Gorsky also urges Trump to preserve key parts of Obamacare.
EssilorLuxottica merger blindsides customers.
Glasses deal looks less like modern tie-up and more an unwelcome blast from the past.
Court blocks ‘anti-competitive’ Aetna-Humana bid.
Judge says health insurers failed to make case that the deal would not hurt consumers.
Cerba Healthcare sold to Partners Group and PSP Investments.
Deal values operator of clinical pathology laboratories at about €2bn.
Egypt champions fight against hepatitis C epidemic.
Two-year-old programme treats 1m patients following outbreak sparked by dirty needles.
Leonardo Del Vecchio, the dealmaker of Milan.
Italy’s richest man has agreed a €50bn merger with his eyewear industry rivals.
Americans spend more than anyone on prescription drugs.
While other nations target disease prevention and treatment, US spends big on feeding system itself.
Seeking remedies for NHS crisis in revitalised hospital.
Warwick Hospital’s focus on elderly care has allowed it to transform its A&E performance.
Overseas patients boost UK private healthcare growth.
Growth of sector won’t relieve pressure on acute care.
Drug companies pledge to improve EM cancer care.
Efforts follow criticism of drug pricing and access in some of the poorest parts of the world.
The problem with US healthcare in one chart.
Americans spend five times more than Chileans, yet their lifespan is shorter.
six big policy areas to watch.
Tremors from political shake-ups in 2016 will be felt beyond country borders.
Health in 2017 will be significantly affected by two of last year’s most striking events: the UK referendum to leave the EU and the US election of Donald Trump. Because of matters such as international aid payments and the global fight against diseases, the impacts of the changes these will bring will be felt far beyond these countries’ borders.
Here are six areas vulnerable to buffeting by the changing political winds.
1. Healthcare coverage
President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. Despite concerns over the way  Obamacare  was implemented, efforts to curtail the care it provided will trigger political opposition. Mr Trump is already showing signs of backtracking in some areas, such as support for those with pre-existing conditions and ensuring young Americans can be covered by their parents’ plans.
In other rich nations that offer comprehensive coverage, cost pressures will increase at a time of slowing economic growth — such as in the UK’s National Health Service. Many lower and middle-income countries — including India and Nigeria — have an expanding and vocal middle class keen for more extensive, affordable and equitable universal health coverage. But that will require domestic political funding.
2. Development funding
The US (at around $18bn a year) and UK (which commits 0.7 per cent of GDP) are among the largest contributors of foreign aid, including via multilateral agencies such as Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, and the Global Fund to Fight Aids, Tuberculosis and Malaria. But rising wealth means middle-income countries risk becoming ineligible for such funds.
The UK is redirecting and trimming development aid funding, while Mr Trump has warned the UN system risks being  a waste of time and money . Optimists say that Rex Tillerson, the US secretary of state nominee, supported ambitious malaria programmes while running ExxonMobil, and may still view global health as a useful form of wielding influence over developing nations.
3. Migrants and health
Conflict and global inequality continue to create record numbers of migrants and displaced people: more than 65m people were classified as forcibly displaced last year and there were 21m refugees. The result is huge disruption to the lives of millions, who suffer inadequate access to health and education services, and a lack of work. As a consequence they face a rising burden of disease and instability.
But a populist backlash against immigration of any sort, including across much of Europe, risks backfiring on nations trying to repel migrants. The dangers include a brake on economic growth and making it difficult to recruit essential workers, including doctors, nurses and carers, from abroad.
Uncertain times call for moral leadership
It is time to reassert our values of decent treatment for all
4. Global health leadership
A shortlist to replace Margaret Chan as director-general of the World Health Organisation will be agreed in January, ahead of a final selection by ministers at the World Health Assembly in May.
Failure to select a strong leader who is able to improve the agency’s reputation and raise core funding from national governments could result in erosion of the UN body and a shift to other agencies and initiatives.
Mr Trump’s administration will also have an important say in the nomination of new heads of other important agencies, including the Global Fund to Fight Aids, Tuberculosis and Malaria — the largest multilateral funder combating three of the most lethal infectious diseases — and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, pivotal for public health matters in the US and beyond.
5. Health efficiency
Rising medicine prices will come under renewed scrutiny following the sharp increases of products such as Martin Shkreli’s Daraprim, used to treat malaria, from $13.50 to $750 per pill, and Mylan’s EpiPen, which has risen in price by almost 500 per cent since 2007.
Internationally there is a growing desire to encourage health innovations, and to judge how much value for money drugs and medical procedures provide, as the UK’s National Institute for Health and Care Excellence is already doing.
6. Spread of infectious diseases
Outbreaks of existing and new diseases, from flu to the Mers virus, are likely. Some are spreading as a result of climate change, including mosquito-borne malaria and dengue. Inappropriate drug use and poor infection control will fuel further antimicrobial resistance to medicines, including in tuberculosis.
There is growing discussion of  one health , which recognises and responds to infection between humans and animals. Initiatives, including the Coalition of Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, to be discussed at the World Economic Forum this week, aim to build resilience in health systems, anticipate outbreaks and prepare a more robust response.
How toys can turn around global health.
Whirligig research shows solutions to problems such as malaria may be under our noses.
Memo to May: the NHS must have more money.
She is wrong on the health service and only extra funding will solve short-term ills.
Mrs May ignores NHS warnings at her peril.
After years of restraint, it is now imperative to spend more on health.
Healthcare will prove a reform too far for Fillon.
The centre-right candidate tampers with the ‘Sécu’ at his peril.
Surgical Care shares soar on $2.3bn deal with UnitedHealth.
Carlyle to sell health business Nature’s Bounty.
Private equity group hopes to raise as much as $6bn for owner of Holland & Barrett.
The ‘final nail in the coffin’ for Aids?
A surge in the use of preventative drugs is reducing risk but with more than 36m people living with HIV a huge challenge remains.
Private groups given more chances to win NHS work.
Outsourcers invited to bid for 14 per cent more contracts than a year previously.
Sweden’s SCA agrees €2.7bn deal for BSN Medical.
Deal precedes plan to separate group into two publicly traded companies next year.
Britain needs a serious conversation about the NHS.
Long-held assumptions must be challenged given the care crisis, writes Ian Birrell.
England’s elderly care breaking down in Oldham.
Council tax rises not enough to offset severe cuts to budgets and ageing population.
Night terrors stalk a hospital drama.
An unexpected serious illness brings a beeping hell — and no dignity.
Lonza buys capsule maker Capsugel for $5.5bn.
Deal will boost Swiss group’s boost healthcare operations and provide control over drug production.
Abbott sues to end $5.8bn deal for Alere.
Four Seasons closes more care homes.
Growing debt burden forces cost cutting ahead of financial restructuring.
Fullerton Health IPO scuppered after complaints.
Campaign of anonymous letters criticised company’s fee structure.
It is time to transform healthcare delivery.
Cost rises put sustainability at risk, says Prof Rifat Atun of Harvard University.
Murdoch faces huge writedown on Theranos investment.
Media tycoon had risked about $100m of his own money in blood-testing start-up.
Australia’s GenesisCare looks to UK for growth.
Healthcare provider to spend £100m as NHS outsources clinical services.
UK’s Circle Holdings targets ageing Chinese.
Healthcare group teams up with local investors to manage 10 medical clinics.
FT writers discuss maternal and child health.
FT writers and experts discussed the persistent problem of mother and child deaths around the world.
Medtronic shares fall after it reports ‘disappointing’ quarterly sales growth.
Google’s DeepMind strikes deal to use NHS medical data.
Academics concerned over company’s access to private records for mobile app.
FT writers Twitter chat: maternal and child health.
FT writers and experts discussed the persistent problem of mother and child deaths around the world.
Sierra Leone’s maternal mortality mystery.
To address the myriad causes for the high number of maternity-related deaths, the government must first gain the trust of its people.
NHS award of £800m contract ‘beggared belief’.
Failure of Cambridgeshire and Peterborough deals another blow to outsourcing care.
Dementia and Alzheimer’s now biggest cause of death in England and Wales – ONS.
Siemens: healthy cynicism.
Separating the healthcare unit makes sense. Announcing it now does not.
Smiths Group sells IVF brand for £140m.
ConvaTec heads for London’s biggest IPO of year.
Maker of colostomy bags will come to market with a £4.4bn capitalisation.
Healthcare leads S&P 500 in broad based rally.
J&J prepares for drug price war with Pfizer.
Arthritis medicine to be discounted as rival plans cheaper version.
BC Partners set to buy 22 Priory clinics.
Disposal worth £300m comes after inquiry by UK competition watchdog.
Implants point way to living life with your eyes closed.
Range of innovations help doctors restore vision.
Theranos accused of ‘series of lies’.
Hedge fund PFM invested $96m during fundraising by blood-testing group.
Beware injections of investor enthusiasm.
Troubles are a reminder that there should be no shortcuts when lives are at stake.
Theranos to shut labs and axe 40% of staff.
Blood testing start-up retreats following year of damaging revelations.
ConvaTec plans $1.8bn London listing.
Private equity firms Nordic Capital and Avista Capital Partners set to float at least 25%.
Buyouts shortlisted for Priory deal.
BC Partners, Carlyle and Apax to submit final bids for the healthcare facilities.
Anthem’s bid for Cigna closer to collapse.
Justice officials reveal both sides have been accusing each other of breaching deal terms.
St Jude sues Muddy Waters for hack claim.
Hedge fund had alleged cardiac pacemakers vulnerable to cyber attacks.
St Jude sues Muddy Waters over cyber security claim.
Gene tests for gentler cancer treatment.
Research highlights cases where chemotherapy may not be needed.
Priory owner to sell hospitals after competition concerns.
US-listed Acadia hopes to raise £300m from offloading sites.
I thank my trusted EpiPen but not Mylan.
Controversy over price increases shows that the auto-injector needs to take a leap forward.
Merck plays long game in precision medicine.
Doctors and investors predict shift in fortunes after Bristol-Myers’ immunotherapy trial fails.
Icahn attacks Ackman over Herbalife claim.
Feud takes new twist as investor says rival has ‘no right’ to suggest he planned to sell stake.
Fund claims device maker open to hackers.
Hedge fund uses alleged cyber flaws to a stock falling.put pressure on St Jude Medical.
Spire aims to gain from NHS funding gap.
UK healthcare group to invest £190m in new and expanded hospitals.
Breast cancer test raises hope of avoiding chemo.
Genetic check may help early-stage patients avoid toxic follow-up treatment.
Circle wins NHS services deal in London.
Award of contract highlights trend towards outsourcing in Britain’s state-run health system.
A plan that fails to tackle UK childhood obesity.
The dilution of the proposals sends all the wrong signals to industry.
Local lessons for tackling global diseases.
Low-cost steps and policies could help save lives, writes Michael Bloomberg.
Allergan setback prompts healthcare slide.
US stocks lack direction after post-payrolls record.
Theranos founder’s presentation sparks row.
AACC members threaten to resign over high-profile speaking slot allotted to Elizabeth Holmes.
Pfizer chief plays down prospect of split.
Ian Read says case for drugmaker’s break-up has become ‘more complicated’ in recent months.
Health chiefs to contest HIV drug ruling.
High Court says NHS England is legally able to fund ‘game-changer’ medication costing £20m a year.
GSK tie with Alphabet in bioelectronics.
New jointly owned company to be based in UK with £540m investment.
Gulf and China weakness weighs on Smith & Nephew.
Cancer research to target tumour evolution.
London’s Institute of Cancer Research will focus on stopping mutations that stop drugs from working.
US moves to block health insurer mergers.
DoJ files lawsuits to prevent Anthem’s $48.4bn takeover of Cigna and Aetna’s $37bn purchase of Humana.
Priory takeover set for competition probe.
Watchdog concerned merger will raise prices for local authorities and NHS.
Former Valeant chief sells $100m of shares.
Michael Pearson insists he remains confident of drugmaker’s prospects despite stock sale.
Medivation confident of drugs pipeline.
Blockbuster cancer treatment and hopes for parp inhibitor strengthen resolve at takeover target.
Health apps take pain out of waiting.
Mobile services are changing how patients receive advice.
What’s up, doc? Tell me via my smartphone.
More patients seek virtual health consultations by video and text.
Payments from pharma to doctors published.
Industry’s response to criticism shows drugs companies paid out £340m in 2015.
Fullerton Health eyes Asian healthcare appetite.
Ageing populations make regional medical providers attractive investments.
HC-One plans £200m leaseback deal.
Move comes as UK care home industry struggles under heavy debt.
