What lies behind recovery in British manufacturing.
Global growth, rather than a weaker pound, is driving UK factories.
Volta joins fray in battle for battery technologies.
Former US government research manager launches fund aimed at future energy tech.
Daimler takes stake in mapping start-up with eye on web-connected cars.
German carmakers backed studies exposing people and monkeys to toxic car exhaust.
Tanker carrying liquefied natural gas from Russia's Arctic arrives in Boston.
Chinese state-owned firms claim 'sovereign immunity' in US courts with foreign ministry's backing.
France Cracks Down on Factory Farms - A viral video campaign has moved the govt to act. In footage shared widely online, animals writhe in pain as they bleed to death or are dismembered, in violation of rules requiring they be rendered unconscious before slaughter.
US permitted 1,200 offshore fracks in Gulf of Mexico between 2010 and 2014 and allowed 72 billion gallons of chemical discharge in 2014.
2,500 Scientists To Australia: If You Want To Save The Great Barrier Reef, Stop Supporting Coal.
Huge helium deposit found in Africa.
51 Killed in China by Powerful Tornado.
India launches 20 satellites in single mission.
French cement company in Syria buys oil from ISIS  Documents.
Pakistan is selling nuclear materials to N Korea and China knows it, US sources say.
Japanese power company TEPCO admits it lied about meltdown after Fukushima.
Turkish police use tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannons to disperse protesters against radical Islamists' assault on Radiohead fans. Over 500 people had gathered in Cihangir Square with beers in hands.
Scotland beats climate emissions reductions target six years early. Down 46% since 1990.
China plans massive sea lab 10,000 feet underwater.
Angola president appoints billionaire daughter boss of state oil firm.
Oil company records from 1960s reveal patents to reduce CO2 emissions in cars: ExxonMobil and others pursued research into technologies, yet blocked government efforts to fight climate change for more than 50 years, findings show.
State of emergency in Peru over mercury poisoning from illegal gold mining.
ExxonMobil CEO: ending oil production 'not acceptable to humanity': The world is going to have to continue using fossil fuels, whether they like it or not.
Canada's oil sands are a major source of air pollution, study says.
Environmentalists plan fierce battle against Bayer-Monsanto merger Critics fear the takeover of Monsanto by Bayer would create a GMO juggernaut too powerful for Europe to resist, while conveniently "disappearing" a tarnished brand. Concerns abound over concentration in the seed market..
World's longest and deepest rail tunnel to open in Switzerland, after almost two decades of construction work. It runs 35 miles (57 kilometers) and connects northern and southern Europe by passing under the Swiss Alps. Switzerland says it will revolutionize European freight transport..
Hundreds of undamaged Fort McMurray homes declared unsafe due to toxic ash.
The world's largest cruise ship and its supersized pollution problem: each of the Harmonys three four-storey high 16-cylinder Wrtsil engines will, at full power, burn 1,377 US gallons of fuel an hour, or about 96,000 gallons a day of some of the most polluting diesel fuel in the world.
Nearly 90,000 Gallons of Crude Oil Spill Into Gulf of Mexico.
Venezuelan President decrees emergency, seizes factories.
Protesters take over German coal mine, block coal power plant: "We are taking the exit from coal into our own hands and closing down one of the largest climate killers in Europe."
Oil tanker washes up on Liberia beach with no crew or lifeboats.
'We need a revolt against the fossil fuel industry': Tesla chief says educating the public on climate issues is essential in countering oil and gas lobbys influence over big political decisions.
Plans for coal-fired power in Asia are 'disaster for planet' warns World Bank | Experts have offered stark warnings that proposed power plants in India, China, Vietnam and Indonesia would blow Paris climate deal if they move ahead.
MPs vote against 'emergency' use of banned bee-harming pesticides - National Farming Unions application for banned pesticide use on oil seed rape crops is rejected as govt rules against neonicotinoids for the first time
Almost 400 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with a collective market capitalisation of 225bn are based in offshore havens connected to the UK. Research shows that 389 companies trading their shares in London are registered in British overseas territories or crown protectorates.
11 Tons of Bomb-Making Chemical Found Under Fruit Crates.
British Labour member suspended for saying Hitler supported Zionism.
Overfishing puts $42bn tuna industry at risk of collapse.
Millions of dead fish on Vietnam's shores raise industrial pollution fears.
Georgia detains six it says were trying to sell $200 million worth of uranium-238.
India in talks to buy U.S. Predator drones, has eye on China, Pakistan.
Israel asking U.S. for 50% increase in next defense assistance package
Barclays fined 1.5bn over forex failings. The largest financial penalty ever imposed by the FCA
Peru, Brazil, China Roll Ahead With Transcontinental Railway: will cut across the Andes and connect port cities in the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of South America. Expected to reduce the cost of exporting agricultural goods from Brazil to China, and bring new business to Peruvian ports.
Mysterious Caribbean Shipwreck Identified - Wreck full of sword blades, scissors &amp; mule shoes turns out to be the 'Nuestra Seora de Encarnacin', a Spanish ship that sank in 1681 during a storm. Very few Spanish merchant naos have ever been found &amp; even fewer found in such amazing condition.
'Our purity is above 99%': Chinese factories are mass producing novel psychoactive substances that mimic banned substances, destined for an eager market in the US and UK.
Boeing 787 Dreamliners contain a potentially catastrophic software bug -- "cause pilots to lose control of the aircraft, possibly in mid-flight...a signed 32-bit integer overflow that is triggered after 2^31 centiseconds (248.55 days) of continuous operation".
U.S. Navy warships will now accompany every U.S.-flagged commercial vessel that passes through the Strait of Hormuz due to concerns that ships from Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps navy could try to seize a U.S. cargo ship.
Worlds most powerful telescope set to launch in 2018 - NASA is building the biggest telescope the world has ever seen, and it will give scientists the opportunity to 'see' cosmic events that occurred 13.5 billion years ago - just 220 million years following the Big Bang.
EU looks at mandatory breathalyzer fittings for all cars.
Greece in talks with Russia to buy missiles for S-300.
Noble Group: business as abnormal.
Commodity trader wants to draw a line under losses and write-offs but will struggle to start anew.
Deripaska to quit as president of EN+ and Rusal.
Russian tycoon prepares for battle with Potanin as Norilsk feud reignites.
Noble Group warns of looming $5bn loss.
Troubled Singapore-listed commodities trader lines up $700m of funding.
Air Liquide chief welcomes return of growth.
Benoît Potier is a vocal proponent of reforms in France driven by president Emmanuel Macron.
Nissan sees 2025 as turning point for electric cars.
Battery vehicles will stay more expensive than petrol versions until then, says executive.
Blocking takeovers is not an industrial strategy.
Anxiety about the bid for the engineer GKN is understandable but wrong headed.
China’s largest lithium producer Ganfeng files for $1bn HK IPO.
GKN sets out formal defence against Melrose.
Board says ‘private equity-style’ bid from turnround group is ‘low price and high risk’.
GKN pledges £2.5bn to sway shareholders in bid battle.
Engineering group sets out plans ahead of formal takeover defence.
Toshiba turns to outsider to lead turnround.
Group picks CVC’s Japan president as CEO as it nears profit and positive net worth.
Dyson bets on electric cars to shake up industry.
Engineering pioneer to produce 3 vehicles from scratch in bold £2bn venture.
Xerox/Fujifilm: lowering the toner.
The deal valuation looks rosy but alternatives have not emerged.
Activist seeks to halt ‘fraudulent’ Xerox-Fuji deal.
Deason alleges US group hid a 17-year-old agreement tying the two companies together.
Melrose urged to ask pensions regulator to examine bid.
Minister’s intervention reflects political concern about effect of approach on GKN.
Cobalt in old smartphones may be used to power EVs.
Carmakers are growing increasingly anxious about securing cobalt supplies.
GKN expected to reveal plans for shareholder payout.
UK group expected to say it will sell powder metallurgy arm as it seeks to fend off Melrose.
Product recalls hit five-year peak.
Governments around the world are paying close attention after high-profile cases.
UK car approval agency set to lose EU-wide authority.
Manufacturers consider sending vehicles to mainland Europe for certification.
ABB upbeat despite fourth-quarter profits dip.
Swiss engineering group expects boost from improving global economy.
Ride-hailing app Grab to launch autonomous taxis.
Southeast Asian car service group plans to expand to another 70 cities this year.
GM’s forecast-beating results driven by US and China.
Carmarker expects profits to flatten in 2018 after 5 years of rises.
GM earnings top estimates on US, China car demand.
Vietnam’s trip into unknown with first ‘national car’.
Conglomerate faces risks as it extends consumer businesses into automaking.
Tesla sales drop in HK after tax breaks removed.
Electric car registrations take their toll as price of vehicles almost doubles.
Melrose loses Takeover Panel concession on GKN.
Advice could have encouraged bidder to move quickly to declare offer unconditional.
Labour calls for block on £7bn hostile takeover of GKN.
Opposition party urges halt to Melrose’s move on grounds of national security.
Renault to reappoint Carlos Ghosn as CEO.
Decision comes despite expectations Ghosn would step down.
Melrose/GKN: scrum down.
A higher offer could tempt reluctant shareholders to initiate play.
Melrose admits to persistent problems with Brush unit as it pursues GKN.
Turnround specialist writes down value of struggling unit after boasting of successes.
Melrose woos GKN as it slashes own engineering business.
Charm offensive in hostile bid comes as Brush division to shut Dutch factory.
Chinese start-ups set sights on car industry.
Fledgling homegrown producers of electric vehicles take on Tesla and foreign giants.
GKN tells investors to reject ‘derisory’ Melrose offer.
Trucks headed for a driverless future.
Unions warn that millions of drivers’ jobs will be disrupted.
Seamless travel: One ticket for plane, train, taxi and bus.
Using a single card or mobile phone for multiple forms of transport is becoming more common.
As fuel duties dwindle, road usage will be new cash cow.
Road pricing is finding favour but driving-related taxation would be more expensive to collect.
Robots gain ground in ecommerce warehouses.
Debate rages over whether enough new jobs will be created.
Truckers embrace real-time monitoring to cut costs.
Technology is bringing the ‘physical internet’ a step nearer, so goods can be shipped according to space available on shared resources.
Delivery robots hit the streets, but some cities opt out.
Pavement-based droid groups must work out how to scale up, and compete for space.
Mexico haulage pins hopes on big data.
Truckers face constant delays as border checks and congestion take their toll.
UK car production suffers first drop in 8 years.
Investment in UK car industry halves in 2 years.
Brexit uncertainty hits as sector suffers first fall in output since financial crisis.
Scottish Highlands council greenlights GFG’s alloy wheel factory.
Philips on course to outstrip growth in healthcare.
Dutch industrial group posts 4% rise in like-for-like sales and hits lower end of target.
Washington says Nafta talks are moving too slowly.
Trump’s trade tsar rejects Canadian proposal to rethink auto commerce rules.
GKN warns pension shortfall risks ballooning further.
UK engineer says Melrose bid could have implications for funding requirements.
Melrose offers to write up to £150m cheque to cover GKN’s pension funds.
Latest salvo in £7bn hostile takeover bid.
Palladium: out of gas.
After a spectacular run its outperformance should come to an end this year.
GE is a rare loser from US tax reform.
Company with ‘the Harvard of tax departments’ admits it will have to pay more.
GKN makes appeal to pension trustees in takeover defence.
Warns Melrose debt levels may increase funding needs.
VW faces UK group legal action over emissions scandal.
Almost 60,000 people sign up to sue German carmaker in London’s High Court.
German carmakers tested diesel emissions on monkeys.
Group funded by Volkswagen, BMW and Daimler sought to show new engines were cleaner.
Call to step up cup recycling in war on plastic waste.
Collection of disposable cups must be improved, says UK paper mill chief.
Regulatory blow for Murdoch, drugmakers’ M&A, Qualcomm’s fine, US airlines and GE.
French plastics group Novares relaunches IPO.
Previous plans were postponed last year.
GKN is just the business to be put through Melrose mincer.
Engineering group’s shares jump and add £1.7bn to market value.
Asos’ co-ordinated look keeps it on trend.
Results beat expectations as 2.6m more people became active users of group’s websites.
Caterpillar: metamorphosed.
Every global economic and domestic political tailwind is in its favour.
Fiat Chrysler profits set to outpace Ford in 2018.
Italian-US carmaker on track to beat rival despite flat sales and below-forecast revenues.
Tesla, BMW cancel sale of cars auctioned by Presidents Club.
Tesla describes events of the evening as  disgusting  .
Korean brands in China still weak after Thaad row.
FTCR survey shows squeeze from domestic auto and smartphone makers.
Rockwell boosts sales forecast in wake of rebuffed Emerson bid approach.
Customer demand continues to lift sales at equipment maker.
EV transition credit negative for carmakers: Moody’s
Tesla’s Musk to earn $50bn if ambitious targets hit.
Company’s value must be raised to $650bn from $59bn today for maximum payout.
Uber’s ride-hailing business can be profitable within 3 years — CEO.
Khosrowshahi looks to move beyond ‘hubris’ of the past.
Trump ups ante with new tariffs in China trade battle.
Beijing hits out at new charges on solar cells and washing machines.
GKN in new move to underline case for independence.
Engineering group lifts forecasts in fast-growing electric driveline business.
Melrose’s swoop for GKN has hallmarks of an old-school raid.
Bid revives the spirit of the takeover tactics used by an earlier corporate buccaneer.
GE break-up; Apple, BP, Detroit auto show and China internet crackdown in the news.
ThyssenKrupp vows to listen to clamour for reform.
Activist fund Cevian tells German industrial group to hasten pace of transformation.
Late convert to industry takes centre stage at GKN.
Anne Stevens has been thrust into a bitter battle with Melrose in first big test.
GKN attacks Melrose over hostile takeover.
UK engineering group warns turnround specialist is offering ‘fake premium’.
Melrose/GKN: come to order.
Buyout specialist should try offering more stock, not cash.
Unlikely partnerships are shaping car industry.
Pizza, ride-hailing and tech groups companies team up to explore business avenues.
GKN angrily rebuffs hostile takeover bid by Melrose.
FTSE 100 engineering company calls offer ‘misleading’ with a ‘fake premium’.
Peugeot owner PSA to offer electric options for all cars by 2025.
Lithium miner SQM gets green light to expand production.
Focus on electric cars lights up lithium.
Demand for metal used in rechargeable batteries looks healthy but supply is growing.
GE break-up unlikely to reveal pot of gold.
Full or partial spin-offs might add little or nothing to value, say analysts.
Melrose targets GKN in largest UK hostile bid since 2009.
Formal offer of £7bn remains unchanged from the indicative offer rejected by engineer.
Hyundai pledges $21bn for car technology.
South Korean group struggles to keep pace with gains across automotive industry.
VW boosts deliveries to another record in 2017.
Sales lift comes as carmaker juggles diesel scandal and ambitious plans for electric cars.
Hyundai Motor plans $21.5bn new technology spend.
Volkswagen sees 4% sales increase in 2017.
Ford warns of 2018 profit fall amid tougher conditions for US car market.
GKN pension funds raise alarm on Melrose approach.
Trustees say they could demand extra investment if deal threatens retirement schemes.
GE chief considers further break-up of conglomerate.
John Flannery looks at spin-offs of industrial group’s 3 core divisions.
GKN pension trustees warn Melrose over more than £1bn deficit.
Ford eyes savings ‘in every part’ of its business.
Top executive says more cuts are needed at the carmaker to compete with global rivals.
Peugeot maker sees 15% sales jump in 2017.
Fiat and Daimler warn on Europe’s emissions targets.
Carmakers say low demand for electric cars hinders ability to reach CO2 targets.
GKN’s largest active investor urges Melrose talks.
US fund manager says transformation plans do not justify rejection of discussions.
Shares in plastics group Carclo sink 38% after profit warning.
Melrose prepares for hostile battle for GKN.
Turnround specialist’s plans for engineer include selling powder metallurgy business.
Dialight needs a lightbulb moment to restore fortunes.
New chief of group faces same challenges are predecessor.
GM reveals images of car without driver controls.
Permission sought to put vehicle that has no steering wheel or pedals on US roads in 2019.
BMW challenges Mercedes-Benz for premium car crown.
UK engineering group GKN rejects £7bn bid from Melrose.
Board insists offer terms ‘fundamentally undervalue’ FTSE 100 company.
De La Rue’s Kenya banknote contract cancelled.
Country’s procurement watchdog rules that deal was awarded unlawfully.
Tesla’s woes and a bumpy ride for electric cars.
It is imperative for the industry to deliver affordable vehicles fast and without subsidies.
Bosch and Continental take stake in mapping service Here.
German tech group and parts supplier to push ahead in development of autonomous cars.
Volkswagen partners with Silicon Valley’s Aurora on self-driving cars.
Bosch takes Here stake in push for ‘smart’ homes and cities.
More than half Norway’s new car sales electric or hybrid.
But tax breaks and subsidies fuelling rapid growth being questioned.
Ford, Fiat, GM cap weak 2017 with drops in December vehicle sales.
China’s Midea turns focus to organic growth.
World’s largest appliance maker looks to transform into automation powerhouse.
US car sales: storm warning.
Fall in annual vehicle sales will mark the first drop since the 2008 financial crisis.
Tesla: positive spin.
Disaster remains our bet but there is a path for the carmaker to succeed in 2018.
Apollo focuses new $2.3m supercar at China market.
Just 10 of the German-made cars to be sold before move into electric vehicles.
Geely goes against grain with Volvo stakebuilding.
Move to steer the two groups closer together runs counter to industry’s spin-off trend.
Five ways to solve electric car ‘charging conundrum’.
Companies face challenge of 43% of households having no off-street parking.
Hyundai Heavy plunges on $1.2bn rights offering.
South Korean group also plans to list refining unit to improve finances.
Remote salt lake in China holds key to lithium trove.
Surging demand for EV battery input spurs production rush 3,000 meters above sea level.
DS Smith wraps up year on a high.
Packaging group’s chief also sees opportunities in traditional bricks and mortar retail.
British Steel CEO quits after less than a year.
Peter Bernscher resigns over ‘differences in perspective’.
The year’s biggest news from activist investors to the break-up of Murdoch’s empire and the world’s biggest flotation.
Volvo, Cadillac and Porsche drive subscription models.
Carmakers are launching rental services even as peer-to-peer car lending platforms gain traction.
Muddy Waters/OSIS: his dark materials.
Short sellers will never starve because human beings are predisposed to believe bad new.
Self-driving cars face a new test: snow.
Autonomous vehicles must overcome technical difficulties to manage winter weather.
Dyson settles legal battle with former chief executive.
Max Conze was accused of leaking company secrets to third parties.
Japan/quality control: two shoes dropped.
Failing exacting Japanese standards has not necessarily meant quality disasters.
Subaru launches probe over fuel consumption data.
Japanese carmaker investigates claims its inspectors falsified readings.
Japan bullet train safety scare embroils manufacturers.
Train operator JR West apologises as quality scandals beset industrial sector.
PSA faces harder decisions over Opel cuts.
French carmaker has been careful to avoid cuts and closures — but for how long?
ThyssenKrupp investors lose patience with pace of change.
As German industrial group restructuring enters eighth year, some worry management has lost its way.
Renault buys stake in publishing house behind Challenges magazine.
Toyota and Panasonic launch car battery study.
Joint research project signals deeper push into power for electric vehicles.
Why UK business is calling to stay under EU rules.
Brussels’ export of standards underlines dilemma over market access and regulation.
Plastics ban set to frustrate recycling exporters.
Councils and industry face dealing with waste no longer bound for China.
Panasonic rises on expectations of Toyota electric vehicle battery tie-up.
China’s Xiaomi hints it is looking to build cars.
Filing in India shows smartphone maker is considering moving into vehicles.
China carmaker BAIC to go all-electric by 2025.
Samsung Heavy Industries: life rafts.
Growth in orders and profits is necessary for shares to do well.
A FTSE 100 trade for more than just paper profit.
Can DS Smith keep on giving?
Ford to collaborate with China’s Alibaba on online car sales.
Opening Quote: GVC’s festive offer to Ladbrokes; Boxing day for DS Smith.
Republicans move to calm business fears on tax reform.
Kevin Brady says corporate concerns over overhaul are ‘solvable’.
Kobe Steel aluminium factory stripped of quality mark after fake data scandal.
Prysmian/General Cable: down to the wire.
A competitive auction has left the Italian group paying a high price for its rival.
Politicians to tackle plastic pollution in oceans.
UN environment agency meeting aims to produce global action plan.
LSE Group, Chipotle, Persimmon, Cineworld/Regal, Ocado, Ikea, bitcoin and more.
General Motors aims for self-driving taxis by 2019.
First carmaker planning to use technology at scale expects profit on rides at $1 a mile.
City voices in unison on Brexit threat to investment.
But financial stalwarts fear that politicians simply aren’t listening.
PSA to start van production in Russia.
Peugeot and Citroën owner to target small and medium-sized enterprises.
Car sales boom reaches end of the road.
Consumers rein in spending after Brexit-induced price rises and tax increases.
Mitsubishi Materials admits to product data falsification.
Japan’s large manufacturers in spotlight after Kobe Steel revealed false quality data on aluminium and copper products.
LME to investigate cobalt linked to child labour.
Exchange accused of allowing Chinese group to trade untraceable metal in London.
Uber to buy 24,000 Volvo cars for driverless fleet.
Uber to buy up to 24,000 Volvos for driverless fleet.
Technology group accelerates ambitions as it enters autonomous ride-hailing arena.
Hedge funds place $5.4bn bet on Toshiba’s revival.
Move gives foreign investors potentially huge influence over Japanese group.
Robot army is transforming the global workplace.
Range of machines has grown as they learn how to carry out tasks from human masters.
VW to invest more than €34bn in electric and self-driving cars.
Announcement backs up German group’s commitment to become world leader in mobility.
Carillion, Experian, US junk bonds, China’s debts, Zimbabwe’s coup, Razer and more.
Emerson sweetens bid for Rockwell to $29bn.
Unsolicited offer comes after Milwaukee-based group rejected previous approaches.
GKN makes CEO U-turn weeks after appointment.
Kevin Cummings’ departure comes amid writedown at aerospace division he headed.
Siemens to shed nearly 7,000 jobs in power and gas units.
German group reacts to long-term decline in turbine demand.
Volkswagen announces $11.8bn electric vehicle plan in China.
GE loses crown as biggest US manufacturer by market cap.
Share price slide over past two days triggers group’s fall from top slot held since 1980.
Aston Martin warns of production halts if UK crashes out of EU.
No-deal Brexit would mean less choice and about £1,500 on price, car industry tells MPs.
Flannery’s push for new era at GE starts at the top.
New chief’s radical moves to shake up board fail to impress investors.
Toshiba sells TV unit to Chinese group for $114m.
Conglomerate seeks to secure finances after losses at US nuclear subsidiary.
CATL aims for the top in electric car battery market.
Chinese producer seeks near-$20bn valuation from Shenzhen IPO.
General Electric: uncomfortably numb.
It has taken a dividend cut to invite scrutiny.
Telecoms versus carmakers in race to get connected.
The two industries square up in key battle over technology for autonomous vehicles.
GE and Siemens: power pioneers flying too far from the sun.
The two industrial titans are struggling to cope with the disruption to their business models from wind and solar.
Brussels toughens carbon targets on EU carmakers.
Manufacturers say curbs are aggressive but low-emissions sales goal is non-binding.
Electric cars’ green image blackens beneath the bonnet.
Research into the lifecycle of electric vehicles is a wake-up call for an industry geared up to promote ‘zero emission cars’.
Nissan trims FY profit guidance after 1.2m vehicle recall.
Google owner tests first driverless car on city streets.
Waymo’s self-driving project lets vehicles roam roads with no human in front seat.
BMW profits fall on higher investments.
Chief executive says carmaker will still hit sales records as he raises forecasts.
Germany’s Continental and Osram join forces to create new lighting JV.
Trump’s zero-sum folly threatens trade in Asia.
The president is in thrall to dangerous misconceptions about deficits.
Big carmakers to build electric charging network.
BMW, Daimler, VW and Ford envisage 400 facilities at 120km intervals across Europe.
Tesla hits bumps in pursuit of mass market.
Delays and snags risk hobbling of ambition and lead to a sharp scale back of targets.
Electric car JV plans 400 fast-charging stations across Europe by 2020.
Volkswagen explores obtaining UK banking licence.
Carmaker wants to carry on lending to motorists after Brexit.
Japan and China sales prop up Mazda in first half.
US auto sales mixed in October as Ford jumps, GM slips.
Derek Robinson, UK union leader, 1927-2017.
‘Red Robbo’ led 500 strikes in 5 years at British Leyland before being sacked.
The start-up revitalising America’s rust belt.
Xometry facilitates business by connecting small manufacturers with customers.
Rockwell Automation rebuffs $28bn takeover bid.
Offer by Emerson Electric aimed to reshape fast-changing industrial equipment sector.
Kobe Steel scraps earnings forecast on scandal fallout.
Lenders weigh financial support to stave off credit crunch concerns.
Japanese car makers see global sales lift but bumpy road ahead.
Owens Corning in €900m deal to buy rival from CVC.
Private equity sale of roofing materials group bought three years ago to US buyer.
Metals markets eye electric vehicles for fresh spark.
The annual industry gathering in London for LME Week should be more upbeat than 2016.
China’s tech titans set sights on car innovation.
Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent move up a gear in race to build ‘smartphones on wheels'.
Hydrogen heads roll but survivors see new promise.
As some firms developing the fuel struggle, others are winning fresh investment.
New LafargeHolcim chief seeks blueprint for growth.
Jan Jenisch announces strategic review as cement maker lowers profit forecasts.
VW revs up profits as it battles diesel scandal.
German carmaker reports strong Q3 but expects further hits from emissions fallout.
Subaru drawn into Japan quality management scandal.
Carmaker allowed unauthorised technicians to inspect vehicles for domestic market.
Subaru falls 3% on reports it let uncertified workers inspect vehicles.
Ford defies car industry gloom with strong earnings.
Detroit carmaker battles against view that it lags behind GM on driverless vehicles.
ABB benefits from global economic upswing.
Swiss engineering group’s share price rises on stronger orders and earnings.
Hyundai sales held back by Chinese and US troubles.
Shares jump as investors bet that worst of automaker’s problems in China are over.
Japan gets serious about the internet of things.
Tokyo looks to reputation for precision as it tries to catch up with rivals.
Einhorn stocks: Delphic prophecies.
Investors are buying some dicey tech narratives from old stagers.
Investors bet on automakers despite US weakness.
Fiat Chrysler and General Motors announce better than expected third-quarter earnings.
The Future of the Car: Asia.
China not only sells more electric cars than any other country, it also made the fastest. Meanwhile, Japan’s battery makers look set to dominate, while Honda and Toyota fix sights on a post-lithium future powered by hydrogen gas.
Japan Inc prepares to defend its lead in battery power.
Technological advances give Japanese groups an advantage.
Sinochem chases $4bn stake in Chilean lithium miner SQM.
Chinese group among bidders for maker of key component in electric car batteries.
End of Australian carmaking is warning to rich nations.
General Motors’ unit closure raises questions over manufacturing in developed states.
GE: electric slide Premium.
Reputation for managerial excellence has been damaged.
GE cuts earnings guidance after weak third quarter.
Analysts speculate about dividend reduction after ‘very challenging quarter’.
BMW’s Munich HQ raided in car collusion probe.
Brussels makes ‘unannounced inspection’ after allegations against German groups.
Daimler profits drop as industry faces tough times.
Results highlight challenges for carmakers as they transition from diesel to electric.
GM to pay $120m to resolve state claims over faulty ignition switches.
Test scandal forces Nissan to halt domestic output.
Carmaker admits unauthorised staff certified cars even after malpractice came to light.
LG/Qualcomm: driverless car share.
Investment in the connected car parts industry cleverly utilises existing expertise.
Mitsubishi aims to regain trust and boost sales.
Japanese carmaker to launch 11 models and work on governance.
How to Brexit-proof your investment portfolio.
Be a bit braver for a bit longer to beat the bear market.
In-house laser maker lights the way for Japan Inc.
Ultraviolet tech pioneer Gigaphoton is a subsidiary with big ambitions.
GM to test self-driving cars in New York City.
Detroit-based automaker challenges rivals in some of the world’s worst traffic.
Volvo shows plans for Polestar brand to take on Tesla.
Kobe Steel shares rise as fake data woes deepen.
Daimler plans revamp to prepare for electric age.
German group is first carmaker to restructure for technology challenges, say analysts.
GE’s new leader faces big call on behemoth’s dividend.
John Flannery prepares to outline strategy for US’s biggest manufacturer.
Fiat Chrysler recalls 470,000 vehicles for restraint issue.
Samsung’s record profits mask looming crisis.
Electronics group must tackle generational leadership change and find new markets.
Kobe chief struggles to explain what went wrong.
Fabrication scandal follows proxy adviser’s criticism of returns to shareholders.
Kobe says data woes extend into core steel unit.
Japanese group probes another nine products to trace roots of falsification scandal.
Kobe Steel chief executive says list of affected products could widen.
Great Wall Motor hits 2-year high on BMW joint venture report.
LG Electronics rises on better-than-expected Q3 profit estimate.
Kobe Steel scandal hits Boeing, Toyota and Nissan.
Big companies scramble to check falsely certified metal supplied by Japanese company.
My First Million — Jacqueline O’Donovan, waste tycoon.
Work was my escape from postnatal depression.
Ericsson picks new chairman from Electrolux.
Ronnie Leten nominated as new chairman to replace Leif Johansson.
Flannery sends cost-cutting signal at GE with shake-up.
Exits of three senior executives follows pressure over group’s performance.
Trio to exit GE in shake-up under new chief.
Miller to succeed Bornstein as chief financial officer; Rice and Comstock to retire.
US business says Trump’s Nafta stance ‘dangerous’.
Administration says warning is to be expected from entrenched Washington lobbyists.
Small-cap focus: Aim manufacturers face challenges.
Hornby, Accrol and Graphene Nanochem are at varying stages of fixing their problems.
Renault aims to raise profitability in 5-year plan.
French carmaker plans to double sales outside Europe and cut production costs.
Ford chief Jim Hackett given hard act to follow.
Mulally steered carmaker through financial crisis but successor faces tech test.
Renault unveils new plan to boost profitability, sales outside Europe.
US trade ruling set to hand Trump tariff firepower.
Whirlpool said to have suffered from imports of LG and Samsung washing machines.
Hackett’s recovery plan for Ford raises doubts.
Strategy was light on detail and analysts fear group is behind rivals in tech race.
Fiat/Magneti: love is a long road.
Prospects for restructuring do not justify the surge in automaker’s shares.
Honda unveils plans to streamline car production in Japan.
Galaxy Resources denies reports of deal to supply lithium to Panasonic.
New Ford chief to cut spending on traditional cars.
Jim Hackett plans to divert resources to trucks and electric vehicles.
China reads the runes of Pirelli share sale.
Listing seen as test of ChemChina ability to navigate international financing channels.
Post-hurricane demand gives boost to September US car sales.
Natural disasters drive replacement purchases in desultory market.
Brussels wants Airbus-style battery consortium.
European companies to meet over plans to take on US and Asia in clean-energy technology.
GM/Tesla: turn on, spin off.
Time to give shareholders more futuristic car companies to gamble on.
GM aims to have 20 all-electric car models by 2023.
Nissan recalls 1.2m vehicles sold in Japan.
Trump’s war on trade deficit backfires.
The US president has made correcting the imbalance a focus of his administration. But the deficit has risen during his administration and he is partly to blame.
Dyson aims to clean up where other carmakers failed.
From DeLorean to Faraday Future, inventors find the automotive industry unforgiving.
South Korea keeps Kumho alive with restructuring.
Bailout suggests political cost of failure outweighs financial cost of keeping group afloat.
Volkswagen to take €2.5bn third-quarter hit from diesel scandal.
Shares in car maker fall on increased provision for US legal costs.
Siemens’ chief delivers Alstom deal with a political punch.
Tie-up with rival sends a message, says Kaeser, who wants to bring world together.
Bombardier: World Series.
Canadian group needs to take off before debt maturities arrive in 2019.
Carmakers gear up for recovery in Russia.
Dormant production lines are coming back into action and workers hired.
Chinese carmakers close quality gap on global rivals.
JD Power survey shows drastic reduction in problems with domestic brands.
Dyson’s plan to join electric car race a big gamble.
Endeavour is fraught with risk and will test the inventor’s engineering capabilities.
Alstom/Siemens: getting hitched.
Deal may be in full swing, but it could still turn into a political hot potato.
GE issues jobs warning to Indian government.
US group says workers at risk should New Delhi cancel contract for railway engines.
Ford signs deal with Lyft for self-driving taxis by 2021.
US group in car technology agreement which pits it against GM.
EU fines VW’s Scania €880m over cartel claims.
Truck maker plans to appeal the EU’s decision.
Dyson plans 2020 launch for electric car.
British tech group to enter motor industry at time of intense change.
Dyson looks to launch first electric car by 2020.
UK company plans to spend £2bn on the car and battery technology.
France backs Alstom-Siemens train deal.
Government’s decision signals shift in French policy of industrial intervention.
Bullitt sells controlling stake to Exponent.
UK designer of rugged handsets says new investment will boost expansion plans.
ABB buys GE’s Industrial Solutions unit for $2.6bn.
Share buyback programme put on hold as Swiss group inks deal after talks on weekend.
Nissan chief reins in Ghosn’s electric dreams.
Saikawa’s measured approach contrasts with overambitious forecasts of his Alliance boss.
ThyssenKrupp and Tata agree steel merger.
Combination of German and Indian units will create Europe’s number two producer.
Hitachi Metals alleges Chinese groups stole trade secrets.
Japanese company files US trade commission complaint seeking imports ban.
Diesel cars falling out of favour among UK drivers.
Aluminium: the light choice.
Despite 18 months of surging metals prices, now is not the time to sell.
Tencent and Guangzhou team up in smart car deal.
Chinese internet group joins carmaker in push for share of world’s biggest market.
Diesel cars are dirtier than thought, study finds.
Campaign group blames EU rules for favouring the fuel over petrol.
Carmakers accelerate into an electric future.
The pressing question for auto executives: can they make money?
Electric car dream collides with reality on profits.
Bosses warn of challenges in turning technology into business model that makes money.
GKN picks aerospace specialist as new chief.
Kevin Cummings will take top job at manufacturer when Nigel Stein retires.
China’s carmakers develop an appetite for foreign markets.
The improved quality of the country’s vehicles will boost chances of success.
Atlas Copco boss eyes growth after mining spin-off.
Mats Rahmstrom aims to boost core industrial business top line following break-up.
German carmakers are off the pace, minister says.
Barbara Hendricks says industry was too cosy with politicians and must regain trust.
Tata Steel-ThyssenKrupp tie-up nears finish line.
Deal to unload £15bn pension liability clears Britain’s biggest steelmaker for tie-up.
John Deere ploughs a new, algorithmic furrow.
Tractor maker is part of an ‘agtech’ boom that has drawn record financing this year.
Elliott buys stake in Hitachi subsidiary.
Move by US activist fund follows separate legal tussle with Japanese conglomerate.
BYD climbs as China examines ban on combustion engine cars.
China eyes 2040 ban of petrol and diesel cars.
Beijing’s move would follow similar push for electric vehicles by UK and France.
Lego’s sales, Intel’s victory, Schneider strikes, Hollywood flops and ruby chocolate.
New car-hailing app banned in London.
Didi-backed Taxify had ambitious plans to take on US rival Uber.
Jaguar revs up electric car race with customer pledge.
UK manufacturer promises to offer electrified versions of all its models from 2020.
Nissan throws down gauntlet to Tesla on EV range.
Carmaker promises new Leaf can drive ‘over 300 miles’, rivalling US peer’s top models.
Schneider Electric buys Aveva in £3bn deal.
Reverse takeover of engineering software group is third attempt at tie-up since 2015.
Investors hail future of German flying taxi start-up.
Lilium funding tops $100m as electric aircraft company aims for 2019 lift-off.
Manufacturing buoyant as orders hit historic highs.
Fall in value of sterling has helped fuel a strong jump in exports across the board.
Hanergy founder disqualified from HK markets.
Court finds that Li Hejun did not act in the interest of the listed company.
China’s BYD opens its first commercial monorail.
Mass transit is a hedge against the uneven fortunes of the electric car industry.
Rise of electric cars poses battery recycling challenge.
Start ups hope to find ways round problems of lithium-ion reuse.
Truckmakers: pay lode.
Carmakers’ heavy-vehicle divisions could be valuable as listed companies.
Small-cap focus: regional businesses look beyond EU for growth.
James Fisher, Zytronic and Pressure Technologies focus on growing markets from China to Brazil.
GM, Ford post better than expected sales as Harvey toll appears less severe than feared.
Melrose Industries: a Brush with failure.
The unit has subverted Melrose’s motto to ‘buy, struggle to improve, retain’.
Melrose hit by weakness in oil and gas division.
Shares drop despite return to profit in first half.
Melrose swings to profit, but sees stress in oil and gas business.
Microsoft and Amazon assistants set for talks.
Tech giants agree partnership for Alexa and Cortana AI assistants to swap commands.
South Korean shipbuilders’ recovery gathers pace.
Two shipyards poised to win $1.5bn order in latest sign prolonged slump is ending.
United Technologies, Rockwell Collins: thin air.
UTC should prioritise engines over M&A.
Some Volkswagen vehicle deliveries delayed by Houston port closure.
Renault, Nissan, Dongfeng Motor partner to develop electric cars in China.
Aston Martin vows to put hybrid technology in every car.
Group says its vehicles will combine electric batteries with petrol engines by mid-2020s.
Vauxhall decision looms as key moment for Brexit.
Some fear new owners PSA will end UK production of Astra after nearly four decades.
Aston Martin lifts outlook on sports car demand, selling prices.
Britons grapple with late trains and holed roads.
Experts say politicians pay insufficient attention to improving transport networks.
Clock ticks as Fiat’s search for buyer hits Great Wall.
China may be carmaker’s last hope to sell itself before chief Marchionne retires.
Taiwan GDP growth beats expectations as production rises.
BYD sales drop on cuts to electric car subsidies.
Sales fall highlights reliance of China’s new-energy vehicle groups on price support.
Vestas: blade stunner.
Danish company’s main market looks surprisingly solid for the foreseeable future.
Vestas wind turbine project delays hit profits.
Danish group’s shares fall as it warns installation and grid problems could hurt results.
UK driving surge offers respite for rattled petro-sheikhs.
While electric cars get attention, weak oil price boosts petrol consumption in the UK.
US solar industry fights import tariffs proposal.
Companies to warn new duties would cost jobs and halt sector’s growth at hearings.
Germany’s Schulz calls for EU electric car quota.
Country’s carmakers have been ‘arrogant’, Social Democrat leader says.
VW considers reimbursing UK drivers of old diesel cars.
Nissan/NEC sell rechargeable electric battery business.
Robots lack smart, strong, sensitive human touch.
Struggle to pack bento box shows problems facing Japan’s automation leaders.
Rosenfeld to exit Mondelez; Alitalia, HSBC, Rolls-Royce and AA in the news.
Toyota and Mazda to team up on electric cars, open joint $1.6bn US plant.
China’s used cars put a dent in global industry.
Belated development of market means country will no longer drive world’s auto sales.
Chief has made German group less cumbersome and more dependable.
BMW records sector-leading margins as sales remain strong.
Investors still worry over long-term profitability and shift to electric vehicles.
Siemens relies on digital business to drive profits.
German conglomerate bets on industrial internet of things to stabilise earnings.
Tesla: menu a la Musk.
Patience of Model 3 customers and demand for Model S are defying the odds.
Tesla shares surge as Model S orders regain speed.
Carmaker reassures investors that Model 3 is not cannibalising sales of pricier vehicle.
Severstal develops largest ‘data lake’ in Russia.
Steelmaker heeds Moscow’s call for companies to invest in digital storage facilities.
Hyundai Heavy result flags shipbuilding revival.
After years of punishing losses, group’s profit surges thanks to jump in oil tanker orders.
Strix — unglamorous but worthy.
UK maker of kettle safety controls prices IPO before joining Aim next week.
Germany prepares road for class action suits against carmakers.
Public anger grows against auto industry in diesel scandal.
Brexit triggers a great car parts race.
EU exit will damage competitiveness if carmakers cannot source more components at home.
Cartel scandal puts German business culture on the line.
Collusion allegations against carmakers cast shadow over corporate approach.
Tesla reveals Model 3 cost in affordability drive.
Group tries to find way to push electric cars into mainstream while turning a profit.
More allegations against VW emerge on car cartel.
Auto parts supplier Bosch has also been implicated in accusations of collusion.
Porsche takes pole position in Formula E.
German carmaker will ditch the top tier of Le Mans to compete in the electric car race.
Fiat Chrysler races to record second quarter profits.
Electric vehicles: assault with battery.
The switch from polluting fuels raises the risk of causing damage elsewhere.
Aston Martin CEO berates ‘absurd’ plans to ban petrol and diesel car sales.
BMW to build electric Mini in UK.
GM beats earnings forecast in second quarter.
German car industry faces big fines.
Tarnished auto sector on the line as groups confront accusations of cartel-like behaviour.
Brussels pledges crackdown on car industry.
Cartel probe is latest in series of EU antitrust investigations into auto sector.
Australia investigates Takata recalls after death.
Consumer watchdog probes delays and alleged use of defective replacement components.
EU probes claims of German carmaker collusion.
Industry battered by VW emissions scandal faces fresh allegations.
New GE boss keeps investors waiting on costs review.
Shares weaken further as incoming CEO promises to set out plans in several months.
Lyft to double staff in autonomous car drive.
Uber rival aims to mix robot fleet with real drivers in new hybrid network.
Siemens to sell stake in Russian company after Crimea controversy.
JLR opens first engine plant outside UK in China.
Carmaker cuts shipping costs as it ramps up international expansion.
VW agrees to pay another $154m over emissions scandal.
Volvo deepens Geely links to cut electric car costs.
Joint venture will help develop technology and make savings in sourcing components.
Volvo to deepen links with Geely to cut electric car costs.
RPC unveils £100m share buyback.
Mercedes bets on premium pick-up truck market.
German group moves into work-oriented vehicles for first time.
For Carillion, high speed is too little too late.
Group has been hurtling towards barriers for a while, caught in a classic squeeze.
Weir energised by increased fracking in the US.
Maker of oil and mining equipment forecasts higher earnings.
Batteries are not atom bombs or penicillin.
Faith in industry endures despite slow pace of progress.
Small-cap focus: Innovators.
Manufacturing boost in quantum dots, radiation detection and waterless washing machines.
New rules halt luxury carmakers’ China shipments.
McLaren, Lamborghini, Aston Martin and Morgan blindsided by ‘endurance test’.
Daimler shares dip on emissions cheating report.
JCB piles up big profits despite dwindling market.
Construction equipment maker attributes strong results to sales in India and Russia.
Record cash floods into car technology.
Toyota Research Institute and AutoTech fund are the latest to invest.
Carillion’s foundations shaken as contracts sour.
Construction and support services group hit by downturn and later payments.
Siemens seeks legal action after turbines taken to Crimea.
German group says Technopromexport moved purchases in violation of EU sanctions.
Chemical groups gear up for electric car revolution.
Umicore, Johnson Matthey and BASF race to power battery-driven vehicles of future.
Norsk Hydro: miracle works.
Sapa only makes sense for the Norwegian group with more cost savings.
Norsk Hydro agrees $3.2bn deal for Sapa.
Purchase of remaining 50% stake part of European consolidation amid China supply glut.
Red flags from the US car industry — in charts.
Almost half of America’s largest cities have lost jobs in auto manufacturing since 2015.
China prepares fresh round of megamergers.
Energy, heavy machinery and steel focus of drive to scale up state-owned enterprises.
Volvo goes electric; Lloyds, sexism, malware and China crackdown also in the news.
Renault-Nissan partnership upbeat on savings.
Former Audi manager charged in US over emissions cheating case.
China’s Ganfeng prepares for electric car rush.
Lithium group expands into battery production in readiness for rapid growth in EV market.
France plans to end sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040.
BAIC Motor shares jump on agreement to produce electric cars in China.
Volvo delivers an electric shock to carmakers.
An established manufacturer calls time on the combustion engine.
Volvo Cars pursues electric dream in landmark move.
Turning point for industry as Swedish group drops combustion engine only vehicles.
Renault increases presence in Chinese car market.
French group in joint venture with Brilliance China Automotive to tap minivan sector.
Volvo to use electric motors in all cars from 2019.
Carmaker calls time on vehicles powered solely by an internal combustion engine.
Questions emerge over bidders in Toshiba chip sale.
Preferred public-private consortium could change given key legal battle.
Big Three US automakers post June sales drop.
Landis+Gyr seeks IPO to fuel smart meter growth.
Swiss company says splitting from Toshiba will allow it to chase opportunities.
Toshiba looks to raise money with Landis+Gyr IPO.
Flotation of meter business in Zurich could raise $2bn for Japanese conglomerate.
DS Smith: container your enthusiasm.
The takeover of US rival Interstate looks expensive.
DS Smith moves into US packaging with $1.14bn deal.
UK group to acquire 80% of Interstate Resources as profits rise.
Rolls-Royce unions hail biggest UK investment.
Aerospace group will not sacrifice Britain in favour of lower cost facilities abroad.
Siemens invests in EV charging network operator ChargePoint.
Samsung to invest $380m in South Carolina, create 954 jobs.
Legrand: mount pleasant.
Financing this purchase of Milestone will not put undue pressure on the balance sheet.
Tesla gains on rivals in the great brand race.
Social media and word of mouth have driven trust in the carmaker.
Schaeffler profit warning sparks sector worries.
Car parts supplier cuts outlook for margins as it complains of ‘pricing pressures’.
Samsung set to eclipse Intel as number one chipmaker.
Booming demand for memory chips propels Korean group to top of semiconductor pack.
Flammable Grenfell panels withdrawn from sale for high-rises.
Shares in US cladding tile maker Arconic fall sharply in New York trading.
Coats settles final portion of pensions dispute.
FTSE 250 threadmaker agrees to put £74m into defined benefit programme.
Why US big business listens to Sanders.
GE’s chief agrees with leftwing populist’s approach to connect with workers.
The Polish entrepreneurs unbowed by Brexit.
Founders with global ambitions see opportunities in the UK.
South Korean shipbuilders show signs of recovery.
Daewoo, Hyundai and Samsung look to be coming out of a prolonged slump.
Europcar expands with €550m Goldcar deal.
French car group swallows low-cost rival as it expands transportation offering.
Takata: touching the void.
Automakers are reluctant to let the Japanese parts supplier go under.
India gives businesses 2-month tax return reprieve.
Many companies are unprepared for looming upheaval to country’s tax code.
Immelt exits GE; Microsoft, EU roaming law, Alphabet and Thames Water in the news.
Tata Group sells tech stake to Warburg Pincus.
Deal shores up balance sheet of Indian conglomerate’s automotive unit.
Biffa’s expanding waste line has appeal.
Energy strategy set to exploit a capacity gap in UK’s rubbish industry.
Truckmakers face £3.9bn UK claim over price fixing.
Road Haulage Association seeks compensation after cartel of five groups found guilty.
VW faces biggest action in diesel saga in Europe.
Group representing 180,000 car owners seeks refund with damages estimated at €4.5bn.
Japan Inc’s silence over Toshiba sends chill across Tokyo.
The decades-old Japanese corporate support network has balked at bailing out group.
Immelt: ‘Every job looks easy when you’re not the one doing it’.
Outgoing GE chief tells FT what advice he gave successor John Flannery.
Immelt reshaped GE but failed to enthuse investors.
His successor as CEO faces complex task of trying to boost earnings performance.
General Electric: Immelt down Premium.
Investors ready to turn the page as group struggled to reach its sacred target.
New General Electric chief is company veteran.
Analysts say John Flannery has strong finance record but limited operating experience.
Engineer Weir acquires Singapore-based oil business.
Acquisition aimed at strengthening group’s position as energy markets recover.
GE reverts to old methods to select a new leader Premium.
The next chief must influence and engage, not command and control.
Guardian to go tabloid in attempt to slash costs.
Group close to agreeing print outsourcing deal with rival publisher Trinity Mirror.
JLR tests upmarket ride-sharing with Lyft deal.
UK brand agrees to sell vehicles to car-booking service to use in its existing network.
Weir expands into Asia with acquisition of KOP.
Rothschild will have to toil harder at Volex.
Financier needs to carefully nourish the recovery at the UK power cord maker.
Electric car demand sparks lithium supply fears.
The cost of extracting vital battery material is likely to create a ‘supercycle’ and drive up prices.
Toshiba rises on reports it will name chip unit buyer next week.
Shares drop at plastic packaging maker RPC.
Questions around company’s spending on acquisitions spark fall despite upbeat results.
Lyft to launch self-driving test in new Uber challenge.
Aeromobil’s flying cars race US rivals to market.
Slovakia, dubbed the ‘Detroit of Europe’, also hopes to pioneer Hyperloop transport.
The Danube Valley: central Europe’s answer to Silicon Valley.
Flying cars, cyber security and mobile apps are winning global recognition.
Toyota sells stake in Tesla as partnership dies.
Japanese car giant disposes of last shares in electric pioneer turned key competitor.
Alphabet arm Waymo tests self-driving trucks.
Uber rival enters race to produce autonomous technology for the vehicles.
Emissions technology demand lifts Johnson Matthey.
Revenues jump 12 per cent to £12bn and pre-tax profits rise 19 per cent to £461m.
Baidu forges alliances with German auto suppliers.
Partnerships aimed at furthering tech company’s self-driving car ambitions.
Voestalpine sees rising demand for high-spec steel.
Austrian group sees 6.6% increase in profits but remains cautious on long term.
Ford May sales lifted by holiday promotions; GM faces decline.
Semiconductor maker IQE eyes a market in optical sensors.
A specialist electronics cluster in Wales would spur new industry.
Poor punished by onerous car emissions standards.
Think-tank says discouraging petrol and diesel vehicles risks creating divisions.
Top execs at engineer Melrose to receive £36m each.
Windfall for senior managers based on increase in shareholder value.
LG Display jumps most in 14 months on report of OLED plant investment.
BMW car production disrupted by supply problems.
Shortage of steering systems from Bosch meant thousands of cars could not be built.
Electric vehicles cast shadow over British foundry.
Chamberlin has been battling against the odds and competition since 1890.
Ford shake-up; Uber, RBS, Noble and Glencore also in the news.
Jim Hackett, Ford’s philosopher-in-chief.
The carmaker’s boss has form in turning round ailing Midwestern brands.
Rush for self-driving tech risks dotcom detour.
Some investors will get their fingers burnt in race to grab the latest hot start-up.
Nissan, NEC tick up on report of battery unit sale to Chinese PE firm.
Diesel-emissions scandal spreads to General Motors.
Lawsuit claims some trucks emit up to five times legal amount of nitrogen-oxide.
Singapore shipyard orders hit by oil price slide.
Companies in sector forced to restructure debts and slash costs as bank loans go bad.
JLR faces loss of aid for Slovakia car plant.
Brussels inquiry to determine if sweeteners for €1.4bn investment broke EU rules.
Noble Group shares end turbulent day with 8% fall.
Stock declines as Asia commodities trader tries to reassure on its future.
Ford’s new chief to rely on trio for turnround.
Jim Farley, Joe Hinrichs and Bill Ford get expanded roles as Hackett takes the helm.
Electric car makers look ahead to contactless charging.
Lack of infrastructure remains an obstacle to mass adoption.
Elliott wanted its guy as CEO and that has not happened yet.
Electric car costs forecast to hit parity with petrol vehicles.
Prices in Europe could hit same level as early as next year, UBS estimates.
Takata shares jump almost 18% on settlement announcement.
Brussels acts against Italy over emissions scandal.
European Commission says Rome failed to tackle Fiat Chrysler’s alleged cheating
German prosecutors confirm inquiries into VW chief.
Stuttgart investigators focus on role of top managers in keeping investors informed.
Car sector may have little hope of salvaging equity value.
Robots learn the business of risk.
Artificial intelligence could revolutionise the industry but may also allow clients to calculate if they need protection.
Japan and Western Digital should step back from the shooting line.
ThyssenKrupp posts net loss and negative free cash flow.
Shares fall after sharp writedown following the sale of steel producer CSA in Brazil.
Toyota forecasts 18% fall in profits for FY18.
Hyundai Heavy aims to lure investors with break-up.
South Korean shipbuilder tries to stay afloat in industry swamped by overcapacity.
Noble warns of $130m first-quarter loss.
Singapore-listed commodity trader caught out by coal price moves.
Carmakers take direct route to Indian middle class.
Swelling domestic demand and low wage costs make India logical base for global production.
Minister seeks to steer Slovakia past a ‘lasagne of evil’.
Peter Kazimir says a wave of populist unrest in EU does not sour his outlook for growth.
VW plans to ‘leapfrog’ Tesla in electric car race.
VW brand aims to sell 1m battery driven vehicles by 2025.
UK clean air plans trigger split over diesel cars.
Relief from car industry but critics call moves ‘feeble’ and ‘tokenistic’.
Industrial businesses drive strong result for Siemens in Q2.
Musk predicts Tesla will overtake Apple one day
Electric carmaker reports bigger loss than expected as it prepares to launch Model 3.
China wields power with boycott diplomacy.
South Korea is the latest to suffer from a hostile campaign backed by Beijing, but do such sanctions work in changing policy?
Delphi spins out powertrain arm in driverless push.
Split for car-parts group comes as industry switches focus to battery-driven vehicles.
US car sales drop faster than expected.
Shares in Ford, GM and Fiat Chrysler slip after demand weakens in April.
Bigger vehicles spell bigger profits for carmakers.
Cheap fuel prices are persuading more motorists to switch from saloons to SUVs.
Risks posed by private company deals.
Legal fight between Westinghouse and Stone highlights what investors should not ignore.
Carmakers grapple with China’s electric vehicle drive.
Draft rules could require up to 8% of vehicle sales to be electric by next year.
US car sales slow while Europe picks up.
Ford earnings suffer while Renault enjoys strong numbers in transatlantic divide.
Renault revenues surge on Avtovaz bump, European demand.
Germany’s Mittelstand joins revolution in big data.
Country’s smaller companies wake up to the technological change transforming industry.
Ford climbs as earnings drop not as steep as feared.
Profits hit by higher commodity costs and unfavourable exchange rates.
Europe’s car market shifts into top gear.
Fiat and PSA results beat expectations as Daimler nearly doubles profits.
Maserati sales help drive Fiat to Q1 growth.
Toshiba looks for auditor to replace PwC.
Conflicts with big firms push Japanese conglomerate towards second-tier choice.
Weir climbs on hopes over shale gas recovery.
Pumpmaker hits two-year high as UK stocks edge higher.
Caterpillar: a very hungry reflation.
To sustain momentum, road-builders need to buy into Trump vision.
Caterpillar lifts forecast on mining recovery hope.
After years of weak demand, big equipment maker reports better than expected sales.
Philips to hit growth target after profits rise.
Earnings surge as sales and savings give Dutch industrial group big boost.
Self-driving cars to commute between London and Oxford.
Government-backed trial will gather data to help develop driverless vehicles in UK.
Toshiba to restructure to protect core businesses.
Struggling conglomerate wants to insulate key units from its nuclear troubles.
3D printing gains traction in industrial tool kits.
Despite barriers to widespread use, F1 shows how technology is gaining position.
Judge approves $2.8bn Volkswagen emission scandal US settlement.
Corporate reputations are fleeting, thankfully.
When companies fall into dishonour, customers tend to be pragmatic.
VW optimistic over China tech transfer assurances.
Efforts to end impasse moving ‘in the right direction’, says carmaker’s China chief.
A debate over strategic direction at industrials group still remains.
Kleinfeld quits Arconic after battle with Elliott.
CEO showed ‘poor judgment’ for sending letter to Paul Singer’s activist fund.
S Korea’s NPS agrees Daewoo Shipbuilding debt deal.
Clearance paves way for disbursement of fresh $2.6bn government bailout.
Volkswagen patriarch Piëch sells stake amid intrigue.
Grandson of Beetle designer exits after alleged dispute over diesel scandal.
Tesla to unveil semi truck in September, Musk says.
Silicon Valley engineer launches self-driving start-up.
Luminar founder was just 17 when he started out, backed by Peter Thiel.
Toshiba faces heightened risk of delisting.
Analysts say regulators could force crisis-hit conglomerate off the stock exchange.
Toshiba: fool me once.
The conglomerate has had enough chances to clean up its act.
Toshiba warns of ‘substantial doubt’ over its future.
Japanese group publishes unaudited third-quarter results, raising delisting fears.
Pepsi pulls ad; Unilever, Volkswagen, WS Atkins, and 21st Century Fox in the news.
BYD in talks with Chilean lithium producers.
Chinese electric carmaker wants to secure supplies of key battery material.
Trump touts job deals as employment growth expected to cool in March.
US seeks non-Chinese owner for Westinghouse.
White House ‘keenly aware’ of national security implications in sale of bankrupt group.
Toshiba creditors brace for accounting deadline miss.
Analysts warn chances of crisis-hit industrial group keeping its listing are ‘bleak’.
Agnelli heir makes bet on family fortune.
The shift away from Exor’s Italian roots raises questions about whether John Elkann’s strategy for the Fiat owner is moving too fast.
Switzerland’s ABB expands robotics portfolio with B&R purchase.
Tesla shares hit all-time high on upbeat deliveries.
US automakers report disappointing sales in March.
LG Chem holds faith in China despite obstacles.
Electric battery maker expands production even as Beijing favours local suppliers.
Fox News, Lloyd’s of London, the new Galaxy S8, Bill Gross and Westinghouse in the news.
VW agrees to pay additional $157m to settle claims.
World’s largest carmaker reaches agreement with attorneys-general in 10 US states.
Audi to buy luxury car rental startup Silvercar.
Toshiba shareholders attack ‘culture of lying’.
Doubts raised over conglomerate’s revival plan after Westinghouse bankruptcy filing.
Toshiba shareholders approve splitting off memory chip unit.
Foreign carmakers on edge over China tech transfers.
Groups say talk must be matched by action after Beijing counters fears over new law.
Westinghouse faces tough talks over US projects.
After bankruptcy filing, nuclear company must deal with rising cost of plants.
Brexit: Empire state of denial.
Trade negotiations could have mostly negative impact on corporate valuations.
Westinghouse: illustrious US group that ran aground.
The 131-year-old company led numerous innovations but failed to deliver on nuclear.
Toshiba/Westinghouse: dangerous decommissioning.
The US nuclear business will go on generating risk for the Japanese group.
Toshiba’s Westinghouse files for bankruptcy protection.
Troubles blamed on cost overruns and delays to two US nuclear power stations.
My Money: David Lloyd, health entrepreneur.
‘People think I’m a dictator. But I’m actually totally the opposite'.
Japan gambles on Toyota’s hydrogen car.
As rivals look to electric vehicles, the country’s leading carmaker is putting its faith in an alternative.
Ford makes $1.2bn US investment in Michigan.
Toshiba nuclear debacle puts governance in spotlight.
Company leadership faces similar questions to those posed by 2015 accounting scandal.
Engine manufacturer Wärtsilä expands into solar.
Finnish group wins order to build plant at gold mine in Burkina Faso, west Africa.
Big digger makers bet on 2017 as their rebound year.
Manufacturers of construction equipment hope sales will grow markedly after tough period.
Smiths Group boosted by counterterrorism measures.
Engineer reports double-digit rise in revenue at unit making X-ray security scanners.
How to understand PCP car financing deals.
Drivers need to beware they don’t exceed agreed mileages.
Ford: lease of their problems.
A golden age in US car sales seems to be over.
Seoul offers Daewoo Shipbuilding $2.6bn lifeline.
World’s second-largest shipbuilder suffers big losses amid prolonged industry slump.
Takata shares drop on reports of carmaker-led push for restructuring.
BMW challenges Mercedes with new model offensive.
German carmaker looks to retake European luxury crown from arch-rival.
BMW vows fresh offensive as sales slip behind Mercedes.
Ex-VW chairman Ferdinand Piëch in talks to sell Porsche SE shares.
Intel and Oracle sense the road ahead in tech.
Latest acquisitions show old tech titans are searching for success in new directions.
Toyota to pump £240m into UK car plant with government support.
Audi offices raided in emissions cheating probe.
Action overshadows marque’s announcement of new electric and driverless car projects.
German prosecutors raid Audi offices in diesel cheating investigation.
Marshalls shares up nearly 5% amid jump in pre-tax profits.
Packaging maker Ardagh raises $300m in IPO.
VW unveils pay cuts and drive to promote women.
German carmaker seeks to draw line under diesel scandal in series of initiatives.
Toshiba: core meltdown.
Japanese group must stop pretending it is in a position to choose what it sells.
ABB admits failings over South Korean fraud.
Swiss group launches disciplinary action as pressure builds on chief Spiesshofer.
Intel buys Mobileye in $15.3bn deal.
Gestamp to list in €3.7bn Spanish IPO.
Tata Motors strikes up partnership with VW Skoda.
Maruti Suzuki workers convicted over death at Indian factory riot.
Lithium enjoys the Tesla effect.
The metal is stirring investor excitement and a healthy dose of bubble fear.
Akzo Nobel faces stiffest test to its heritage.
Dutch group is in rival PPG’s crosshairs despite its own desire to be a hunter.
BMW shares down 4% even as revenues hit record.
EU consumer watchdogs target VW over diesel cheat.
National authorities to join forces to allege carmaker misled customers.