Cannabis compounds could treat Alzheimer's by removing plaque-forming proteins from brain cells, research suggests.
99-Million-Yr-Old Bird Wings Found Encased in Amber - Finding things trapped in amber is far from rare. But when researchers in Burma found a pair of tiny bird-like wings frozen inside, they knew they had something special.
A chatbot programmed by a British teenager has successfully challenged 160,000 parking tickets since its launch last year.
Google Found Disastrous Symantec and Norton Vulnerabilities That Are 'As Bad As It Gets.
In a birth offering hope to a threatened species, an aquarium in Osaka, Japan, has succeeded in artificially breeding a southern rockhopper penguin for the first time in the world.
Authorities raid 14 Scientology offices in Russia in money laundering probe.
Indian space agency ISRO launches 20 satellites in a single launch, setting a new record for the agency.
Israel-Texas researchers win top desalination award - Winners of USAID Desal Prize will pay forward their $125,000 prize money and expertise to build water plant in Jordan.
"Europe's growing army of robot workers could be classed as 'electronic persons' and their owners liable to paying social security for them if the European Union adopts a draft plan to address the realities of a new industrial revolution."
Intel Fights Record $1.2 Billion Antitrust Fine at Top EU Court for bribing computer makers to not use AMD
Moscow has signed an agreement with Los Angeles-based company Hyperloop One to explore building a futuristic, high-speed transportation system known as a Hyperloop in the Russian capital.
N. Korea launches what appears to be Musudan mid-range missile from east coast.
Chinese supercomputer is the world's fastest  and without using US chips.
China has signed an agreement with the United Nations to open its future space station to spacecraft, science experiments and even astronauts from countries around the world.
India may be building an underwater wall of microphones to keep track of Chinas submarines, Hydrophones can record and listen to underwater sounds.
Physicists have detected ripples in the fabric of spacetime that were set in motion by the collision of two black holes far across the universe more than a billion years ago. The event marks only the second time that scientists have spotted gravitational waves.
India aims for a record by launching 22 satellites on a single rocket.
Nearly 400 international scientists called on Barack Obama to rule out further expansion of oil and gas exploration in Arctic waters under US control.
Scientists have discovered the first complex organic chiral molecule in interstellar space.
A morsel of never-before-seen alien rock has been dug up in a limestone quarry in Sweden, where it had lain deeply buried for about 470m years, scientists said Tuesday.
Laser technology reveals huge medieval cities hidden in the Cambodian jungle.
India Is Building a $60 Million Monsoon-Predicting Supercomputer.
NSA Looking to Exploit Internet of Things, Including Biomedical Devices, Official Says.
Jaguar Land Rover sues Chinese automobile company for copying Evoque.
Spacex plans the first relaunch of one of its rockets in September or October of this year.
A biologist has accidentally discovered that electric eels can make leaping attacks that dramatically increase the strength of the electric shocks they deliver and, in so doing, has confirmed a 200-year-old observation by famous 19th century explorer and naturalist Alexander von Humboldt.
India's space agency (ISRO) creates biggest ever space coalition, over 60 space agencies involved including NASA, to establish an international system to centralise data to fight climate change.
Stephen Hawkings finally published a solution to the black hole information paradox.
Japan and India consider a joint Earth sciences space mission.
India successfully test launches their first-ever indigenous space shuttle.
India's First-Ever Indigenous Space Shuttle Launched Successfully.
Rise of the robots: 60,000 workers culled from just one factory as Chinas struggling electronics hub turns to artificial intelligence. Kunshan, in Jiangsu province, undergoes makeover as 600 companies look to trim their headcount.
Drones over North Korea: USB cards, flash drives dropped.
Foxconn replaces '60,000 factory workers with robots'.
SpaceX successfully lands Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the 3rd time.
North Korea ballistic missile explodes on launch fourth straight time.
Hubble Space Telescope astronomers have discovered that the universe is expanding 5-9% percent faster than expected.
Stanford researchers stunned by stem cell experiment that helped stroke patient walk.
Canada wants answers as Russian rocket set to fall into Arctic waters.
Elon Musk says he plans to send rocket to Mars by 2018, manned mission to planet by 2024 .
Japan 'alert' for possible North Korea missile launch.
North Korea tries and fails to launch missile.
S. Korea detects signs North preparing missile launch.
First 'Made in India' space shuttle to lift off tomorrow.
Dutch researchers are learning how to grow food on Mars and the Moon -- "Especially in the Martian soil, plants were growing very fast and very good. They even started to flower, something that we never anticipated".
Russia to revive missile trains as U.S. launches European missile defense system.
After almost 18 years of circling Earth, the International Space Station completed its 100,000th orbit on Monday.
Face recognition app taking Russia by storm may bring end to public anonymity.
India successfully test-fires indigenously developed supersonic interceptor missile.
China cyber probes show electronic warfare focus, Pentagon says: China's military conducted cyber probes and intrusions against US networks to support intelligence collection and electronic warfare even as it continues an "extraordinarily rapid" expansion of long-range precision strike capabilities.
Drones and kites banned from flying over London during Obama visit.
Norwegian fighter jet helps save dying patient: Hospital staff call on air force F-16 to transport vital equipment from Trondheim hospital to patient 280 miles away.
U.S. charges woman for exporting underwater drone technology to China.
Private US firms are opposing India's space program from launching US satellites into space.
Failed N.K. missile launch damages launcher, causes human casualties: report.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk announces company plans to send capsule to Mars in 2018
India activates eight laser walls along border with Pakistan.
Kim Jong Un orders missile launches when angry, source says.
Internet traffic to Wikipedia pages summarizing knowledge about terror groups and their tools plunged nearly 30 percent after revelations of widespread Web monitoring by the U.S. National Security Agency, suggesting that concerns about government snooping are hurting the ordinary pursuit of.
British astronaut Tim Peake has sparked an orbital kerfuffle after he tweeted a picture showing a crack in the International Space Station's window. It was caused by space debris.
Egypt 'in denial' over hidden chambers in Tutankhamuns tomb - Scientists accuse government of suppressing data disproving claims that burial site contains Nefertitis remains.
US missile defense site goes live in Romania, angering Russia as NATO bolsters defenses.
U.S. activates Romanian missile defense site, angering Russia.
Kepler telescope discovers 100 Earth-sized planets.
Drones will take $127bn worth of human work by 2020, PwC says.
[Germany] Computer virus found in Bavarian nuclear plant.
North Korea seen to fire submarine-launched ballistic missile: South Korea.
China official says film 'The Martian' shows Americans want space cooperation.
Websites that detect ad-blockers to stop their users from reading webpages could be illegal under European law.
A bioethics panel of the Japanese government on Friday approved gene modifications of fertilized human eggs for basic research purposes, while rejecting the technology's clinical use due partly to the unknown impact on the next generation.
Bangladesh Bank hackers compromised SWIFT software, warning to be issued.
Google AI gains access to 1.2m confidential NHS patient records.
SpaceX breaks Boeing-Lockheed monopoly on military space launches.
Obama: US 'setting up a shield' to block North Korean missiles.
Russians 'barrel roll' over another U.S. Air Force plane.
South Korea becomes 1st Asian nation to sign space pact with US.
North Korea launches missile; test fails.
SpaceX is sending a Red Dragon Spacecraft to Mars in 2018.
Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) successfully placed the seventh and last satellite of Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS) constellation into the orbit.
China successfully tests nuclear-capable hypersonic missile  Pentagon sources: US intelligence fears that Beijing may use DF-ZF, capable of reaching speeds of over 11,000 kilometers per hour, to deliver nuclear weapons bypassing even the most complex of missile defense systems.
Turkish artillery, US drones kill 34 ISIS militants in northern Syria.
A company owned by Google has been given access to the healthcare data of up to 1.6 million patients from three hospitals run by a major London NHS trust.
Three Earth-like planets discovered orbiting dwarf star.
First Interstellar Probe Mission Announced: Breakthrough Starshot Will Accelerate Tiny Probes to Alpha Centauri 20 Years After Launch
Hacking Your Phone - CBS News 60 Minutes - They were able to do it by exploiting a security flaw they discovered in Signaling System Seven -- or SS7. It is a little-known, but vital global network that connects phone carriers.
A never-before-seen galaxy has been spotted orbiting the Milky Way.
Carbyne: Scientists create 'holy grail' strongest material in the world that's tougher than graphene.
Scientists have for the first time scanned the brains of people using LSD and found how brain in a psychedelic drug state mimics mind of a baby: free and unconstrained.
World's smallest diode created out of an 11 base pair DNA molecule by joint American and Israeli research team.
A SpaceX Dragon cargo ship delivered the first inflatable room for astronauts to the International Space Station on Saturday, two days after launching from Cape Canaveral.
Scientists have added a one-atom thick layer of graphene to solar panels, which enables them to generate electricity from raindrops.
U.S. needs up to 18 more Russian rocket engines: Pentagon.
SpaceX successfully lands its rocket on a floating drone ship for the first time.
Alibaba targets India as key ecommerce battleground.
Chinese retail group set to face off with Amazon over spoils of burgeoning market.
Employers retrofit older staff with new skills.
AT&T wants employeees to learn new tricks for the digital age.
Snap beats Wall Street’s forecasts for first time.
Shares rise 27% as revenue surges on strong user growth and advertising gains.
Snap: panda-monium.
Internet companies cannot cut their way to profitability.
Venture investment in UK fintech more than doubles.
Companies such as TransferWise and OakNorth raised $1.8bn last year.
Employers face tougher rules on workers right.
Consultations in wake of Taylor report to include bigger fines and holiday pay.
Ocado tastes less like Marmite to long-term investors.
Retailer’s potential revenue growth will appeal to a certain investment palate.
SpaceX successfully launches world’s biggest rocket.
Elon Musk’s company opens new chapter for the private space industry.
Shares soar 27 per cent after company halves its cash burn in the fourth quarter.
How we miss the courage of the suffragettes.
Snap beats Wall Street forecasts for the first time.
Theresa May uses words not deeds to tackle the online abuse of women.
EU to probe Apple’s $400m deal for Shazam.
Acquisition of music recognition app to be investigated over competition concerns.
Broadcom closes in on Qualcomm takeover.
Samsung heir out of jail, JD.com looks to Europe, 50 ideas to change the world.
Japanese group will have to be agile to keep up with the march of tech.
Sony reaches milestone but cautions over comeback.
Apple supplier AMS bucks downbeat market trend with 10% jump.
Company announced sharp rise in profits and series of new contracts.
China smartphone sales down for first time since 2009.
Consumers waiting longer to replace their handsets than they have in the past.
Ocado falls 7% after reporting profits will be hit.
Online grocer to raise capital for transformation to technology provider.
Opening Quote: BP gets its profit and cash flow back.
Nissan in talks to make electric cars in Thailand.
Bangkok seeks investment in new technology to diversify motor industry.
Start of Waymo-Uber trial highlights vicious competition.
Extent of rivalry between self-driving car rivals laid bare in San Francisco.
IQE/ShadowFall: mystery shoppers.
Short seller targets UK chipmaker, but investors have a bigger question to ask.
Broadcom raises Qualcomm bid to $146bn.
New offer for rival chipmaker includes significant break-up fee.
Broadcom/Qualcomm: in Hock.
‘Best and final’ is just a starting point in M&A.
Samsung’s Lee Jae-yong freed from jail by appeals court.
Ruling enables de facto leader to return to work amid trend of white-collar leniency.
Apple, Cisco join forces with insurers in cyber security push.
Beijing policy makes it harder to move money out of China and into US dollars.
Chinese capital controls hit Silicon Valley investors.
Bitcoin falls to lowest level since November.
Amazon settles French tax dispute.
US tech group pays undisclosed sum five years after France sought €200m payment.
Broadcom raises Qualcomm bid to $146bn.
‘Best and final’ offer gives Qualcomm investors $82 a share.
Social media users of the world unite!
Is it time to seize the memes of production?
Apple supplier IQE shares stumble after short-seller report.
Cardiff-based company has hit back at the claims over its financial reporting.
Samsung heir freed with suspended sentence from appeals court.
SpaceX aims big in ever-evolving rocket environment.
Launch of Falcon Heavy will be the biggest in 45 years, but technology has moved on.
We are in danger of overestimating AI.
Data-heavy computers have ways to go to catch up with human thought and common sense.
Personalised learning takes over in classrooms.
Silicon Valley loves the idea but evidence is mixed on whether all children benefit.
Facial analysis software is being used to predict sexuality and security risks.
Neural networks allow us to ‘read faces’.
Wearable scanners will be able to read our minds.
Tiny pixel sizes, light analysis and blood flow maps mark big advance on MRI machines.
3D images that can be manipulated with hand gestures blur the digital and real world.
Holograms change the way we interact with computers.
Tech revolution’s promise ranges from online encryption to modelling new molecules.
Early quantum computing investors see benefits.
Glimmers of hope in search for means to conquer information overload.
Digital distractions are making us dumb and twitchy.
Video: Classroom robots stand in for children.
Avatar enables pupil to watch and participate in lessons from home via a tablet.
Driverless car tests roll out in southern China
Start-ups Jingchi and Pony.ai offer the public rides in autonomous cars for first time.
Australia seeks crown as ‘Nasdaq of Asia Pacific’.
Stock exchange battles Asian rivals to lure tech companies.
Company’s first European AI research centre to be in Cambridge, UK.
China’s JD.com to take on Amazon in Europe.
Waymo-Uber trial: What’s at stake?
Key details to consider before the self-driving car rivals head to court.
Investment by RSE Ventures is move to attract small and mid-sized businesses.
Stephen Ross makes $30m bet on cyber security.
DeepMind develops AI to diagnose eye diseases.
Retinal scans used to train an algorithm in ‘promising’ partnership with the NHS.
Apple owners report problems with $1,000 device’s most basic function.
Incoming call glitch latest to hit iPhone X.
Finance chiefs warn on Big Tech’s shift to banking.
Leading lenders fear internet giants will cherry-pick best parts of their business.
China cracks down on tech credit scoring.
Tencent and Alibaba pilot schemes curbed by central bank amid privacy fears.
FTSE 100 chairmen join late payments start-up.
David Tyler and John Gildersleeve on advisory board of Previse.
Apple record despite 1% fall in iPhone sales.
Alphabet worries analysts on costs, Amazon banks tax benefit.
HQ Trivia eyes right answers to $100m valuation.
Live quiz show app in talks with investors to raise funding.
Dell confirms IPO, merger with VMware among options it is exploring.
Santa Monica hire service is taking off — but not everyone is happy.
Regulators in a flap over Bird Rides.
iPhone sales figures disappoint Apple investors.
X model sells fewer units than hoped but $999 price sees quarterly profits of $20.1bn.
Is BuzzFeed poised for a breakup?
HBO's record-busting year, Airbnb rules out 2018 IPO.
Investor exuberance dims for ‘wonder material’ graphene.
Achieving commercial breakthroughs for an innovation that is still very costly has proved hard.
Sony names Kenichiro Yoshida as new chief.
Executive is credited with turning around group and introducing greater transparency.
Alibaba market cap slides by $31bn on worries over lower margins.
Sony to replace chief executive Hirai with CFO.
Japanese regulators raid cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck.
Kazuo Hirai to become chairman of Japanese electronics company.
US tech reluctant to make pledges on tax overhaul.
Apple aims to cut net cash but others are muted over domestic investment.
Apple: burning the blanket.
Company’s plan to eliminate its cash pile should work as long as it keeps performing.
Apple hits record revenues but misses on iPhone sales.
Shares rally after finance chief holds out prospect of cash return after US policy reforms.
Alphabet worries investors with rise in Google costs.
Jump in payments of more than 33% outstrips 24% rise in revenue.
Amazon hits record $1.9bn profit on tax boost.
Retailer reiterates pledge to hire more US workers after $789m fillip.
Alphabet shares fall as Google payments rise.
Jump in payments of more than 30% outstrips 24% rise in revenue.
Apple plans to reduce net cash balance to   approximately zero .
Apple hits record revenues but misses on iPhone sales.
iPhone X fails to reignite sales growth as hoped.
Airbnb CFO leaves as company sets back IPO timetable.
Former Blackstone executive Laurence Tosi will focus on his own investment fund.
Distance between intelligent devices and giant platforms gives start-ups a chance.
Microsoft and Amazon face challengers on edge of cloud.
Alibaba takes 33% stake in Ant Financial.
Move could pave the way for IPO of Chinese payments app owner.
Adyen wins eBay contract as it lines up to float.
Dutch company already has contracts with Uber, Netflix and Facebook.
Dull status updates might curb engagement in the west but help the tech giant’s case in authoritarian states.
Facebook: lonely connect.
Aramco, Alphabet in early talks about tech hub in Saudi Arabia.
Apple earnings face X-rating.
Amazon's move into health, Musk's boring flame-thrower.
Nintendo: shark’s fin troupe.
There is room for another year of analysts updating their forecasts before the inevitable slowdown.
MIT moves to probe human and artificial intelligence.
Academics seek to regain initiative on machine learning ceded to tech industry.
Waymo leads race to improve autonomous cars.
Self-driving vehicles clocked up 500,000 miles on Californian roads last year.
Five key things to look out for in Apple’s results.
Little doubt profits will be a record but spotlight is on iPhone sales outlook.
Facebook: less time on app does not mean less money.
Sandberg says prioritising user happiness could lead to ‘monetisation opportunities’.
Microsoft: cloud appreciation society.
Profit margins are on the way up despite heavy investment in data centres.
Microsoft finds growth in cloud computing.
Results reinforce hopes that software company’s profit margins have bottomed out.
China’s Lenovo reports surprise Q3 loss from tax reform write-off.
Qualcomm bolsters bid defence with Samsung 5G tie-up.
US chipmaker is fighting a hostile takeover attempt by Broadcom.
Facebook says users spend less time browsing.
Slowdown began before the social network started to shake up its news feed.
New Qualcomm-Samsung alliance to ease antitrust woes.
Bertelsmann considers sale of social media hate speech moderator.
German group’s customer relationship management arm was recently hired by Facebook.
Apple software slowdown probed by US authorities.
Investigation said to centre on whether potential impact on older iPhones was properly disclosed.
Xerox records   meaningful improvements  in Q4 results ahead of Fujifilm merger.
Samsung’s success fails to mask fears over its image.
Tech group struggles to shake off claims its culture is akin to North Korea.
Given shrinking pastures the tie-up is unlikely to fatten the pockets of investors.
Fujifilm/Xerox: wrong whey.
Nintendo raises forecasts as Switch sales soar.
Strong game console sales deliver 261% jump in quarterly operating profit to ¥116.5bn.
Nintendo operating profit jumps on strong Switch sales.
Samsung unveils stock split alongside record profit.
Memory chips help deliver $14bn quarterly profit even as smartphone earnings slip.
China's Leshi drops 10% for sixth straight session.
Japan’s Fujifilm to take control of Xerox.
Combination deal aims to revive ailing US group and thwart activist attack.
Fujifilm to lay off 10,000 staff as operating income forecast cut.
Japan’s Line messaging app to launch crypto exchange.
Announcement follows theft of $500m in digital currency XEM from Coincheck.
Big data: using the trail of information to change policy.
Mining digital information for accurate, up-to-date economic snapshots could help officials make quicker and better decisions.
Info Wars: Schwarzman v Bloomberg.
Welcome to Due Diligence, the FT’s daily deals briefing.
The dreary secrets of Amazon’s success.
‘If you are a contrarian — a type that is ostracised in the can-do Bay Area — this could be the place for you’.
Transport & Logistics.
Advances in artificial intelligence and the use of big data will see freight companies jettison drivers, delivery groups switch to using robots, and transport companies become far more efficient, but what will these changes mean for jobs?
Google and Facebook set off a second wave of fintech talent.
Big tech is helping to teach smaller groups to think globally.
Seamless travel: One ticket for plane, train, taxi and bus.
Using a single card or mobile phone for multiple forms of transport is becoming more common.
Robots gain ground in ecommerce warehouses.
Debate rages over whether enough new jobs will be created.
Elons SpaceX Gets Certified For National Security Launches
CIA shuts down program using spy satellites to track climate change
Russia Threatens To Ban Facebook, Google And Twitter Unless Companies Turn Over User Data
Apple and Google Just Attended a Confidential Spy Summit in a Remote English Mansion | The three-day conference included current or former spy chiefs from seven countries, including the US and UK, plus academics and journalists to discuss government surveillance in the aftermath of Snowdens leaks
A man has been able to control a robotic limb with a mind-reading chip implanted in his brain, allowing him to sip a drink unaided for the first time in 10 years.
Hundreds of tech companies line up to oppose TPP trade agreement
NSA Planned to Hijack Google App Store to Hack Smartphones
Facebook criticised for creating 'two tier internet' with Internet.org programme
South Korea's New Law Mandates Installation Of Government-Approved Spyware On Teens' Smartphones
Computer Program to Trawl Social Networks for Russian Opposition Plans: A pro-Kremlin political center has unleashed a computer program that would trawl social networks for chatter about planned unauthorized gatherings and report its findings to Russian authorities
UK government quietly passed new legislation that exempts GCHQ, police, and other intelligence officers from prosecution for hacking into computers and mobile phones
Facebook tramples on European privacy laws: Belgian watchdog
Czechs stopped potential nuclear tech purchase by Iran: sources | The Czech Republic blocked an attempted purchase by Iran this year of a large shipment of sensitive technology useable for nuclear enrichment after false documentation raised suspicions, U.N. experts and Western sources said.
Russia, China unite with major cyber pact: The two have agreed not to hack each other and pledged to thwart technology that might destabilize the internal political and socio-economic atmosphere, disturb public order or interfere with the internal affairs of the state.
After 17 years of fruitlessly searching the galaxy, Australian scientists have discovered the source of mysterious radio signals hitting a telescope
NSA Converting Phone Conversations into Searchable Text | Leaked documents reveal how the security agency converts speech into text as part of its Big Data collection program.
Prime Minister of Singapore shares his C++ code for Sudoku solver
$300/KWh battery-powered electric vehicles hit total-cost-of-ownership parity with gas-powered cars 5 years ahead of schedule. A price of $150/KWh could cause a paradigm shift in vehicle technology, and it may arrive by 2020
Antisatellite race heats up with China, Russia: Concerns have grown in the aftermath of Chinese antisatellite tests, most recently in July 2014, that demonstrated the capability to destroy military communications satellites, perhaps even those in geostationary orbits.
The EU is considering the creation of a new regulator with the explicit remit to oversee internet firms such as Google and Facebook, according to a leaked document. A lack of action, it warns, may lead to a point of no return, where the economy becomes irrevocably tied to a few major companies.
EU Files Antitrust Charges Against Google
Truckers embrace real-time monitoring to cut costs.
Technology is bringing the ‘physical internet’ a step nearer, so goods can be shipped according to space available on shared resources.
Delivery robots hit the streets, but some cities opt out.
Pavement-based droid groups must work out how to scale up, and compete for space.
Samsung shares jump on stock split announcement.
Fujifilm close to deal with Xerox.
Ailing printing and photocopying group aims to fend off activist shareholder revolt.
Samsung reports strong Q4 earnings as chip sales surge.
Facebook and regulators move to halt cryptocurrency scams.
Social network says it will ban all bitcoin and initial coin offering advertising.
EA jumps on strong revenue growth in 2017.
December quarter revenue on the soft side, though.
AMD predicts sales growth but warns of possible ‘costly’ security fixes.
Uber's global rivals gather as Ola launches in Oz.
Strava’s military precision, fake social media, now Verizon drops Huawei.  
SAP pays $2.4bn for Callidus Software.
German software company makes biggest acquisition in four years.
Amazon’s booming enterprise value within $200bn of Apple.
Facebook urged to scrap Messenger Kids app.
Social media company is accused of potentially harming children’s mental wellbeing.
Dalian Wanda/Tencent: mortar bombardment.
The risk is that the dominant tech group sacrifices profits for market share.
Silicon Valley start-ups in driverless delivery race.
Nuro and Udelv bet autonomous delivery vans will be first vehicles in self-driving sector.
Silicon Valley groups race to win driverless delivery market.
Nuro announces $92m funding boost as Udelv makes first public demonstration.
Smart technology paying off for Bosch.
SAP to acquire Nasdaq-listed Callidus for $2.4bn.
Ola set for Australia launch in first move abroad.
Move will pit Indian ride-hailing app against Uber in a foreign market for first time.
Capcom touches nearly 17-year high on Monster Hunter shipments.
Chipmaker Maxim leaps on talk of $20bn bid from Renesas.
Shares in long-rumoured takeover target hit highest since 2000.
Fitness tracker data exposes soldiers and aid workers.
Researchers warn that information acquired could give pointers to military strategy.
XEM heist raises questions for Japan’s retail investors.
Many will be hoping the cryptocurrency theft is more ‘Goldfinger’ than ‘Live and Let Die’.
In the 4G patent wars everybody loses.
A ‘peace plan’ can provide greater transparency and collective licensing.
Wanda sells $5.4bn stake in property unit.
Deal shows group moving away from development, easing pressure on cash flow.
Relx pays £580m for digital identity company.
Information group makes biggest deal in a decade for business to help manage online risk.
Celebrity ban exposes fake rankings on China’s Twitter.
Regulators accuse Weibo, the world’s biggest microblogging platform, of hype and obscenity.
Coincheck quizzed over ability to cover $500m heist.
Japan’s Financial Services Agency unsure if hacked exchange is able to repay customers.
Semiconductors: short circuit.
Signs of trouble as the chip sector reaches new heights.
AMS revenues climb 252% as iPhone success boosts Apple suppliers.
Shares jump 25% as company benefits from growth in facial recognition technology.
Google announces investment in Indonesia’s Go-Jek.
Apple set to break its own record for profitability.
Sales of new iPhone X expected to drive double-digit revenue rise for historic result.
The rise of AI and remote assistants.
Hard-pressed managers should be cautious in their attempts to reclaim time.
MBA graduates opt out of becoming entrepreneurs.
Start-up activity among business school alumni at lowest level in 8 years.
CK Hutchison takes stake in Matrixx Software
Hong Kong conglomerate bets on US start-up’s telecoms billing system.
Blue Prism’s share price rise needs reality check.
Robotic software group will not make a profit or pay a dividend for years .
The dangers of digital democracy.
Personalising products and services using data streams challenges liberal democracy.
Bank share auctions jump on China’s internet sites.
Taobao and JD.com are part of billion-dollar market for seized financial assets.
Grappling with the Big Tech octopus.
Dell hearts Wall Street, WeWork boss, Apple HomePod online orders begin.
Microsoft and Google prepare for big leaps in quantum computing.
Companies set to give big boost to potentially revolutionary technology.
Coincheck pledges refund after $500m cryptocurrency heist.
Japanese exchange apologises after hacker steals units belonging to 260,000 customers.
Week in Review, January 27.
Regulatory blow for Murdoch, drugmakers’ M&A, Qualcomm’s fine, US airlines and GE.
Dell: the revenant.
Public shareholders are irritating but they bring cash.
Apple: Sirilessly.
The weak speaker launch should not be forgotten in iPhone fever.
Sky signals streaming switch.
Telegram ICO boost, Meg’s movie move, Axios power.
Dell considers return to stock market .
PC maker’s board to look at idea of initial public offering 4 years after going private.
Tencent/Skydance: highly logical, captain.
Tencent’s trove of user data could help target science fiction fans effectively.
Tencent buys stake in ‘Mission Impossible’ producer.
Chinese tech groups still free to do splashy Hollywood deals out of bounds for others.
Dell weighing return to public markets.
IPO among restructuring options being considered by board.
Now Amazon is disrupting fashion retail, too.
Ecommerce giant is set to overtake Macy’s as the largest seller of clothing in the US.
Administrators removed over sale of failed UK unicorn.
Ve Interactive case shines light on controversial ‘pre-pack’ bankruptcy method.
Tencent buys stake in film producer Skydance Media.
Australia uses drone in ocean rescue of swimmers.
Technology becomes popular tool deployed by first responders.
Intel boosts dividend as earnings beat estimates.
Shares rise 4 per cent on results and 10 per cent dividend increase.
Soros takes aim at Facebook, Google and cryptocurrency.
Current moment in history ‘rather painful’, billionaire says.
Apple commissions series from ‘La La Land’ director.
Damien Chazelle to make drama series as tech group continues push into video content.
Airbnb marks first year of profitability in 2017.
Retiring American Express chief Ken Chenault appointed to board as IPO speculation grows.
Cryptocurrency boom upends venture capital.
VC investors face a conundrum as money floods into speculative bubble.
Silicon Valley investors set to back Telegram ICO.
Kleiner Perkins, Benchmark, Sequoia bid to join messaging app’s $1.2bn fundraising.
Head of UK probe into Russia Brexit meddling attacks Twitter.
Damian Collins accused company of refusing to give ‘straight answers’.
Qualcomm to appeal $1.2bn fine over Apple deal.
SoftBank backs tech construction company, Motiv’s new smart rings  .
Davos 2018: May sticks to script.
UK PM avoids lengthy discussion of vision for post-Brexit relations..
Facebook avoids Austria class action but faces grilling.
ECJ rules Max Schrems cannot bring suit on behalf of 25,000 users but can pursue individual claim.
Fingerprint Cards tumbles after sales warning.
Tech group says fourth quarter sales likely dropped by 62%.
Chipmaker STMicroelectronics sees sales surge.
SK Hynix operating profit quadruples to record.
South Korean chipmaker reports record quarterly profit despite fears of slowdown.
Germany threatens curbs on Facebook’s data use.
Antitrust investigation puts social network’s business model under scrutiny.
Toshiba: the troubles chipping away at its core.
The company has done little to inspire confidence that it can resolve its problems after writedowns, accounting fraud and bankruptcies.
Qualcomm in tie-up with Chinese mobile giants to launch 5G.
How Slack took over the office.
The messaging app is changing the way we talk to each other at work.
China’s facial recognition start-ups gain edge.
SenseTime looks abroad, building on its large and growing business with government.
Snap’s product chief to exit tech industry.
Nintendo to discontinue support for its Miitomo app.
Whitman joins Katzenberg’s ‘bite-sized’ video start-up.
Outgoing HP Enterprise boss eyes ‘premium’ content with Hollywood production values.
DN Capital raises €200m to back tech start-ups.
London-based venture capital firm will invest mostly in the UK, France and Nordics.
May appeal to investors to tackle internet hate.
Be prepared to sell stocks in tech groups that host extremist content, PM to tell Davos.
Alphabet launches cyber security company.
Chronicle aims to offer groups ability to adapt to hackers while they are active.
Crest Nicholson and Countrywide — the property divide.
Both face pressure on profit margins, but they are coming from very different places.
‘Slow’ start at Sage disappoints investors.
Revenue growth held back by underperforming French business and rising training costs.
Tax havens retain allure for US tech.
Apple’s investment at home does not signal an end to overseas arrangements.
EU hits chipmaker Qualcomm with €997m fine.
US tech giant paid Apple to use its chips exclusively in its smartphones and tablets.
SoftBank-backed US ‘constructech’ start-up raises $865m.
Katerra aims to transform homebuilding by applying precepts of electronics outsourcing.
The start-up that wants to sell civilised debate.
Kialo is a strange proposition in an age of Trumpian tweeting.
Qualcomm fined €997m by EU competition watchdog.
Commission says chipmaker abused dominance by paying Apple for exclusivity.
Small satellites and big data: a space race hots up.
Investors see opportunities for cheap rocket technology and launch pad in New Zealand.
Why quitting smartphones is the new quitting smoking.
We need real rules to nudge people away from addiction to their devices.
Why start-ups hire India’s disabled workers.
New laws boost employment rights — but enforcing them is tough.
Hong Kong rally falters as Asia tech stocks drop.
LeEco’s Leshi falls by daily limit as shares end 9-month trading halt.
Anthony Noto: tweety bye.
Move says nothing good about Twitter’s prospects and bodes well for SoFi.
Twitter, Facebook urged to probe Russian intrusion.
Members of Congress ask for help on what they say is ongoing disinformation campaign.
Apple HomePod speaker to go on sale on February 9.
Company set to release device after delayed launch date without some key feature.
Qualcomm to be censured by European regulator.
Finding that company abused dominance could boost Apple’s cases against chipmaker.
Netflix and thrill: streaming site best performer on S&P 500 this year.
Bumper results push market cap above $100bn.
Anthony Noto leaves Twitter for top job at SoFi.
Departure of chief operating officer sends messaging platform’s shares lower.
Twitter COO steps down, shares drop more than 3%.
Anthony Noto was leaving to become the chief executive of online lender SoFi.
Mini-size Me.
WeChat’s 580,000 apps, Netflix hits $100bn, India text frenzy.
Delayed Apple smart speaker to be released February 9.
Apple focuses on music fans with HomePod launch.
Advertisers ask Facebook, Google to set up standards body.
Companies want tech groups to adopt common policies to filter inappropriate content.
LG Display Q4 profit plunges on lower panel prices.
Netflix: wearing the Crown.
Streaming service’s shares and subscriber figures surge, but so is its spending.
Japan bitcoin bourse group stages Europe expansion.
Exchange to offer trading of bitcoin/euro pairs after gaining Luxembourg licence.
China’s IPO hopes buoyed by belief in ‘unicorns’.
Bankers have put a $100bn value on Xiaomi, which has just 7% of the smartphone market.
The Crown helps put shine on Netflix viewer numbers.
Shares surge as subscriber momentum beat forecasts.
Netflix takes $39m hit on Kevin Spacey harassment scandal.
Streaming service books non-cash charge for scrapped content.
Google, Facebook and SAP unveil big French investments.
Tech companies to expand workforces and build start-ups as they look to build stronger political ties.
Germany’s SAP plans €2bn investment in France over 5 years.
Adobe market cap tops $100bn on Trump tax cut boost.
Becomes fourth software company to exceed the milestone.
Pay news publishers, Murdoch urges Facebook.
Media mogul says cable TV-style carriage fees could solve fake news problem.
Xerox: copy that.
A sale of the famous US copier company looks to be on the cards.
Coinbase taps Twitter for much-needed customer service expertise.
Icahn and Deason demand Xerox put itself up for sale.
Investors controlling 15% stake want chief executive removed and Fujifilm JV ended.
Zuckerberg criticises misinformation in social media.
Amazon raises Prime prices, more Russian trolls on Twitter, foldable phones.
Singapore experiments with smart government.
Is the city-state innovative enough to engineer another reboot?
Richemont bids to take control of Yoox Net-a-Porter.
Swiss luxury group looks to shake up internet strategy as consumers go online.
Telecoms group up 125% on name change to Blockchain Worldwide.
Stapleton Capital becomes latest group to ‘pivot’ to new tech.
Cabify owner Maxi Mobility raises funds for battle.
Group aims to bolster its ride-hailing app as competition in sector intensifies.
Computacenter upgrades forecasts for third time in six months.
FTSE 250 group reports ‘year of great progress’.
Baby brain maps point to origins of disorders.
Scans before and after birth boost research on conditions such as autism and cerebral palsy.
Cyber attacks push corporate fraud to all-time high.
Information theft overtakes the appropriation of physical assets for the first time on record.
Marc Benioff: taking on Silicon Valley’s noxious culture.
The Salesforce chief talks a good ethics game at Davos — but is the tech world listening?
Southeast Asian nations look at ecommerce tax.
Governments aim to claim fiscal take from one of region’s most buoyant sectors.
Facebook invests in French AI centre.
US social media giant says money will be used to double number of specialists.
Toshiba considers IPO of $18bn memory chip business.
Japanese group makes contingency plans should sale to Bain Capital be blocked.
Amazon debuts the store without a checkout.
Ecommerce pioneer aims to write another chapter of its retail revolution.
Big Tech should hit the reset button.
Political pressure on platform companies is growing and they need a better response.
Irish back-tax delay adds $1.7bn to Apple’s US bill.
Timely repayment of state aid would have cut charge on overseas earnings.
Why automation may be more evolution than revolution.
Businesses should focus on how technology can bring about incremental changes.
Facebook to prioritise news rated trustworthy by users.
Social network will begin testing in US and will look to highlight more local stories.
Week in Review, January 20.
GE break-up; Apple, BP, Detroit auto show and China internet crackdown in the news.
US regulators seek further review of Broadcom’s bid for Qualcomm.
‘Second request’ from Federal Trade Commission signals more scrutiny for the $130bn proposed deal.
ADT: alarm bells.
Apollo’s listing disappoints as Google, Amazon and Apple circle.
Amazon raises price of its Prime membership.
First increase to fee since 2014 of service seen as key to attracting online shoppers.
Shell unit applies for minicab licence in London.Social media groups step up action on hate speech.
EU data show Facebook, YouTube and Twitter increasing reviews of content.
First oil major to look at offering Uber-style tech in key ride-hailing market.
Google and Tencent partner up on patents.
US company pairs with Chinese tech group in move that could open avenues in China.
Now 20 cities are vying to become Amazonville.
Cardboard computer games, Apple’s billions, Hasselblad’s 400-megapixel camera.
The case for ending Amazon’s dominance.
Antitrust authorities should not be making life easy for incumbents.
Texas Instruments names a new chief.
Rich Templeton will remain the US semiconductor company’s chairman.
IBM sees revenue grow though long-term concerns linger.
Shares fall despite reporting first quarter of positive revenue growth in nearly 6 years.
Local tech groups dominate gaming market in China.
Foreign companies lag behind as consumers shift to mobile in world’s largest market.
SoftBank tells Uber to focus on US and Europe.
Car-booking company’s biggest investor also says it needs to ‘restock human capital’.
Who gets a serving of Apple’s tax pie?
Despite tech group’s boast, its investment intentions in the US have not changed.
Qualcomm’s takeover of NXP gets nod from Brussels.
EU and Korean authorities clear deal as US chipmaker fends off Broadcom bid.
Icahn takes aim at Xerox deal with Fujifilm.
Activist attacks ‘incapable’ management of US printer and photocopier company.
Amazon narrows shortlist for second HQ to 20 regions.
Tech group whittles down field of 238 amid fierce competition across North America.
Facebook adds Amex CEO Chenault to board
Hacking campaign using fake apps traced to Lebanon.
Researchers discover test devices inside country’s intelligence agency headquarters.
Qualcomm’s $47bn takeover of NXP gets clearance from Brussels.
Unlikely partnerships are shaping car industry.
Pizza, ride-hailing and tech groups companies team up to explore business avenues.
Nintendo combines consoles with cardboard toys.
Group introduces DIY toys for use with its Switch console to target younger demographic.
Kakao Corp: up like a rocket.
Expanding into other markets or acquiring more content will be expensive.
Facebook probes Russian meddling in UK politics.
Google’s China plan, Hike takes on Whatsapp, GrowPods’ salad days.
Intel tries to regain lost ground after chip debacle.
World’s biggest chipmaker was hit hardest by Meltdown and Spectre scare.
Apple chipmaker TSMC sees Q4 profit edge lower.
‘Nimble’ consultancy focuses on disruption.
Profile: Adaptive Lab founder says CEOs struggle to act on new technology threats.
How an Accenture star faced her technology fears.
A drive to grasp what she did not understand helped ‘anomaly’ Shaheen Sayed to the top.
Tech drives consultancy work in the post-crisis era.
Helping banks adapt to disruptive change accounts for a growing share of activity.
Consultants split on how to make digital add up.
Firms disagree over the best way to structure technology expertise.
Apple pledges to invest $30bn and pay $38bn tax bill.
Tech group announces it will expand US operations and create 20,000 jobs.
First Chinese takeover of US group under Trump cleared.
Regulatory green light for Beijing-controlled semiconductor group’s Akrion purchase.
Apple: USA, USA.
The big US investment disguises a modest net boost, leaving plenty for shareholders.
Breaking down Apple’s $350bn boost to US economy.
Company bases its calculation on spending with suppliers, capex and tax payments.
FTC investigates Broadcom over antitrust practices.
Google to extend reach of its machine learning.
Cloud AutoML will allow more companies to apply AI technology to their businesses.
Facebook agrees to expand Brexit investigation.
Social media platform says it will look into suspect activity ahead of vote.
Indian WhatsApp rival Hike sends new message.
Challenger start-up hopes new offer will help it claw into huge lead of US group.
Kids and tech: whose responsibility is it anyway?
It is in the interests of companies like Apple to help parents limit smartphone use.
US tech deals: shrinking violets.
Apple and co become giants not by acquisitions, with a couple of exceptions.
The coming Korean crypto war.
Apple hands over more UK tax, smart clocks, Pixlr Editor.
Silicon Valley’s founder factory.
‘Silicon Valley is lacking in one core area — a sense of entrepreneurial hustle'.
From self-driving store to smell sensor, start-ups are thriving.
Plenty of small-scale tech shows promise at the Consumer Electronics Show.
Google quietly opens third China office.
Shenzhen office highlights growing business in country where search engine is blocked.
YouTube tightens rules for creators to make ad money.
Company tries to win back big brands worried about inappropriate content on video site.
Coolpad plans Silicon Valley expansion with AI focus.
Chinese smartphone maker seeks fresh start after breaking with troubled LeEco.
UMC taps growth of AI applications in cars and devices.
Taiwanese chipmaker hopes to offset headwinds in maturing smartphone market.
Chinese tech groups loosen banks’ grip on finance.
Ant’s failure in MoneyGram bid does not signal end to US ambitions.
Qualcomm makes case to investors amid Broadcom hostile bid.
Uber curbs working hours for its UK drivers.
Ride-hailing company introduces safety measure ahead of licensing appeal in London.
Maersk and IBM to use blockchain in global trade.
Joint venture aims to create new digital standard for supply chains.
Three decades on, virtual reality is still a dream.
The technology remains illusory despite repeated promises of game-changing devices.
Half of Americans want to regulate social media news.
Report shows public is concerned about fake stories and political polarisation.
Banks are on the hunt for tech veterans.
Institutions are changing to attract talent.
China disrupts web access for global companies.
Groups fear being forced to use expensive VPN software surveilled by Beijing.
Apple handed over extra £81m to UK tax authority.
Disclosure comes a week after HMRC revealed £136m additional payment by iPhone maker.
‘Frankenstein’ speaks to modern fears.
Contemporary anxieties about gene-editing find an echo in Mary Shelley’s gothic novel.
Curbing the ‘curse of bigness’ is a priority.
Unchallenged incumbency in markets is no good for consumers.
Lego and Tencent team up for China digital partnership.
Toymaker and tech group to develop games, videos and social network for Chinese children.
Xiaomi listing aims for $100bn valuation.
Chinese smartphone maker still has to decide where to list shares.
Alibaba and Microsoft AI beat humans in reading test.
Top-place tie by tech groups provides symbol of race between US and China.
Banks try to lure MBA graduates away from Big Tech.
Finance puts emphasis on opportunities and quality of life to arrest the talent drain.
SoftBank shares climb 4.5% on talk of listing mobile unit.
SoftBank eyes listing of mobile phone arm.
Tokyo Stock Exchange IPO may be accelerated to take advantage of equity bull market.
The rise of the superstar company.
In the corporate economy, it is not gender or race that matters, but class.
Self-driving cars raise ‘weaponisation’ fears.
Baidu warns global carmakers need to address security concerns.
Facebook revamp angers publishers (again).
AI’s techmate, CES’s slow-burning trends.
Busy buyers leave only two UK tech giants standing.
Micro Focus and Sage have become big fish in relatively small pond.
Richemont attacks R&D overlap with centralisation.
The conglomerate wants its brands to share skills and components.
Instagram influencers turn followers into dollars.
But are luxury brands risking their mystique in using social media stars?
Sony looks to glory days with robot dog relaunch.
Group bets mechanical best friend will lead its revival in AI-enabled robotics.
High-flying US tech stocks face early test in 2018.
Sector’s slow start to the year has yet to show signs it will rattle confidence.
Facebook’s Sandberg and Twitter’s Dorsey to quit Disney board.
Latest sign of competitive tensions between Hollywood and Silicon Valley.
Zuckerberg aims to save Facebook from itself.
News feed shake-up emphasises ‘meaningful interactions’ but risks taking a toll on growth.
Tencent/tech bonds: start up payouts.
Before splashing out on start-ups, the Chinese group should consider payouts to shareholders.
CES 2018: A vision of the tech trends to watch.
The wares at the annual electronics show offer clues to the next big thing.
Octopus Titan VCT breaks UK fundraising record.
£120m boost in four months for tax-efficient investment.
China is shaping the future of global tech.
Convenience has become a religion as Chinese consumers rush to embrace the new.
Porn images found on Google Play children’s games.
Cyber security firm discovers malicious code AdultSwine affected dozens of apps.
Tech addiction worries loom at CES.
Unease at Fox, South Korea vs bitcoin, Ovie Smarterware.
Tencent bond issue draws $40bn of orders.
Chinese tech group borrows $5bn despite volatile week for debt markets.
European banks brace for shake-up in customer data.
EU directive will force lenders to allow third parties access to customer accounts.
Facebook plans sweeping changes to newsfeed.
Social network seeks to encourage ‘personal sharing’ while separating publisher content.
Dropbox to become latest tech player to go public.
Cloud storage company’s listing could be most valuable US tech IPO since Snap.
Pitney Bowes shares rally on report of Blackstone, Carlyle interest.
Intel and Microsoft sow confusion over security flaw.
Chipmaker talks down impact on PC performance from fixing Meltdown and Spectre issues.
Uber used software to lock computers during raids.
Car-booking company deployed ‘Ripley’ when offices were visited by authorities.
GV partner in Europe leaves to join Kobalt.
Avid Larizadeh Duggan quits venture fund four years after helping launch it.
AMD: insecure.Geek Squad in the dock, Macron’s Big Data Idea.
Huawei chief’s rant on AT&T deal, ForwardX suitcase.
Chipmaker should finally make inroads in markets from which it had all but vanished.
Asia closes in on US as world’s biggest VC market.
Demand for tech groups drives $71bn of start-up money to region.
Smartphone addiction puts tech groups on defensive.
Executives respond to investor campaign at Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas.
Samsung touches 4-month low as Asia technology stocks slip.
Bulgarian start-ups make CubeSats and bee detectors.
National companies stand out when it comes to new technology.
Volta joins fray in battle for battery technologies.
Former US government research manager launches fund aimed at future energy tec.
YouTube scales back relationship with Logan Paul amid controversy.
German start-ups attract record investment.
Funding jumps 88% as Berlin tries to eat into UK’s European lead in tech sector.
Qualcomm set to win EU approval for $47bn NXP deal.
Green light for biggest chip deal may help in fight against hostile Broadcom bid.
Telegram app plans to join blockchain mania.
Messaging rival to WhatsApp wants to allow users to make payments using cryptocurrency.
Telegram to hop on cryptocurrency bandwagon with ICO offering.
Macron calls for big data strategy across Europe.
Larger market needed to compete with US and China, says French president.
Tech groups sharpen pitch for VR at CES.
Facebook, Google and Lenovo experiment with ways to attract users to niche category.
Apple supplier TSMC posts 3% annual sales increase.
UK squeezes extra £136m tax payment from Apple.
Latest bill for US tech giant comes after ‘extensive audit’ of marketing subsidiary.
Kodak pivot to blockchain sends shares on a roll.
Photography company plans to create cryptocurrency for industry.
FBI opens new front in encryption fight with tech sector.
Bureau chief says access to data on devices is ‘urgent public safety issue’.
Amazon and Google lead way on AI-dealmaking at CES.
Technology groups look to build alliances to distribute Alexa and Assistant platforms.
White male conservative ex-Googler cries foul.
GoPro seeks buyer, Samsung forecast falls short, Toyota’s e-Palette.
AMD slips after Microsoft stops ‘Meltdown’ patches for PCs with its chips.
France probes Apple over iPhone battery speed.
Investigation into allegations of ‘planned obsolescence’ follows scrutiny in US and Israel.
Chip cycle/Samsung: beware gear changes.
Diversification will help the South Korean group perform better than rivals.
Daily briefing: Korean winter games not war-games, SpaceX mystery, Samsung’s Wall.
Talks between North and South indicate thawing of relationship.
Intel’s Krzanich defends chip security response.
Chief hails effort to fix industry problem but stops short of data theft assurance.
Huawei loses deal with AT&T to sell phones in US.
Chinese tech group once again thwarted in effort to enter key market.
Didi expands into China’s crowded bike-sharing market.
Samsung seeks new products as chip peak nears.
Group looks to connected cars on signs that easy money from memory is coming to an end.
Oculus’ new Xiaomi partnership on VR takes Facebook into China.
Samsung projects record Q4 earnings on strong chip prices.
Google accused of discriminating against white men.
Class action lawsuit by fired employee threatens to reignite company’s culture wars.
GoPro hires JPMorgan to explore sale, shares pare losses.
GoPro considers sale after new revenue miss.
Company says it will shut its drones business and lay off a fifth of its staff.
Micro Focus shares drop on ‘disappointing’ results.
Investors worry over HP integration as ex-Arm executive appointed finance chief.
GoPro: terminal velocity.
It is hard to see the action camera maker recovering from its predicamen.
Micro Focus: parsed glories.
Kevin Loosemore must sort out the HPE Software business before further big bids.
GoPro crashes to new record low as trading resumes.
Competent computers still cannot comprehend.
If a computer becomes able to deceive humans, then we may all be in serious trouble.
GoPro cuts jobs, exits drone business after warning on Q4 sales.
Ag tech fundraising more than doubles.
‘Big ag’ companies increased their investments in 2017 alongside venture capitalist.
What happened when I gave bitcoin as presents.
Should my family ride out the volatility and ‘hodl’ their online currency?
Chinese start-up unveils ‘smart device’ car.
Byton’s electric SUV to feature 49-inch touchscreen in place of dashboard.
Smart speaker surge set to peak in 2019.
Market is approaching saturation as consumers fill their homes with cheap devices.
Micro Focus shares drop 9% as it picks new CFO after integration of HP assets.
LG operating profit forecast to jump 84%
Chipmaker Dialog says fourth quarter revenue ahead of forecast.
Beyond lithium — the search for a better battery.
Graphene and salt water offer promising advances.
Machines that get their energy from thin air.
Wake-up receivers, energy-harvesting offer electricity for billions of ‘smart’ things.
Apple pressured over children’s iPhone use.
Jana Partners and Calstrs say company risks regulatory backlash over addiction fears.
UK’s big companies take action on cyber threats.
Bellwether survey finds FTSE 350 fears on rise over exposure to digital attacks.
The rush to patch security flaws Meltdown and Spectre.
Travis cashes in at Uber, Google fights Alexa at CES,  the smart shower.
Chip debacle shows need for emphasis on security.
Stress on efficiency in IT design raises the risk of a catastrophic event.
PwC launches UK drone unit.
Big Four firm identifies growth in market for tasks made easier by unmanned flight.
Companies test defences against new cyber crime threat.
War games focus on data integrity attacks that could spark chaos or loss of trust.
Tax charges set to muddy a bright US earnings season.
All S&P 500 sectors are expected to report revenue growth for fourth quarter.
Podcasts for children boom but profits still in infancy.
Companies building market as parents look for antidote to screens.
Companies in push to fix computer flaws.
Intel hit with class-action lawsuits amid fears that tech updates will slow IT systems.
Nintendo Switches gears.
Volkswagen's self-driving move, Sprint's new CFO.
Pony Ma, the global strategist with deep pockets.
The Tencent chief shuns the limelight but has big ambitions for the Chinese tech giant.
Small-cap focus: grandfathers of fintech enjoy boost.
Fidessa, First Derivatives and StatPro performed well last year.
Google to begin Alexa fightback at CES.
Hardware groups that once reigned are pawns in a bigger battle between tech titans.
Computers are making generalists of us all.
The narrow office specialist is increasingly a thing of the past.
Kalanick to sell part of his Uber stake for first time.
Deal will earn ousted chief over $1bn in sale to SoftBank as part of their tender offer.
Experts say software patches may remedy Meltdown flaw.
Cyber security team that had suggested replacing hardware shifts its recommendation.
VW joins forces with Silicon Valley self-driving start-up.
Carmaker partners with Aurora to help prepare for autonomous era.
Tencent and Toutiao to hire more online censors.
Online media groups react to government reprimands over content deemed inappropriate.
Apple confirms all Mac and iOS devices affected by ARM, Intel chip flaw.
Security experts issue dire warning on chip flaw.
Only way to gain full protection is to replace the computer system.
Spectre and Meltdown expose risks of tech’s need for speed.
Dual threats fuel questions about the cloud and consolidation among tech suppliers.
Zuckerberg’s 2018 personal challenge: Fixing Facebook.
Spotify’s NYSE file as streaming boosts music sales.
What MoneyGram deal says about Cfius, LG's 88-inch 8K OLED TV.
Meltdown and Spectre: what we know so far.
Chip design vulnerability could have serious implications for computer users.
Nintendo’s Switch is fastest-selling console in US.
Japanese group raises sales targets for next year after beating its own decade-old record.
Bosch and Continental take stake in mapping service Here.
German tech group and parts supplier to push ahead in development of autonomous cars.
Bosch takes Here stake in push for ‘smart’ homes and cities.
Intel: cashed in his chips.
Chief executive’s share selling went too far, even without looming security issue.
Tech groups race to fix chip design flaw.
Security hole threatens to expose sensitive data of computer users to hackers.
Nintendo jumps on report Pokemon Go to launch in China.
Tesla: whoosh.
The failure to meet production goals is more serious than the carmaker pretends.
Didi takeover of Brazil’s 99 piles pressure on Uber.
Chinese car-booking group’s deal comes just weeks after it raised $4bn for expansion.
Intel responds to reports of processor flaw.
Spotify files for US public listing.
Music streaming service could be first high-profile market debut of 2018.
Data key as Ant Financial fails in MoneyGram bid.
US block on $1.2bn deal highlights national security concerns over Chinese M&A.
AMD shares pop on report of Intel processor bug.
Meituan-Dianping starts up ride-sharing app.
Chinese consumer app recruits users and drivers to take on market leader Didi Chuxing.
Tencent denies it reads or stores chat messages.
Pokémon Go arrives in China, LeEco founder defies regulator, Appolition app.
Europe’s data rule shake-up: How companies are coping.
What businesses are doing to meet the sweeping changes to the way they deal with personal information.
LG Display surges to 1-month high on iPhone OLED supply reports.
Tencent denies storing WeChat conversations.
Statement at odds with China’s rules requiring tech groups to keep records of users.
LeEco founder defies order to return to China.
Tycoon sends wife and brother to address ‘debt crisis’ at group’s listed arm.
Wanda to slim down ecommerce unit in focus on core.
Chinese group to cut 1,000 staff from tech arm as it returns to mall-building roots.
‘Pokémon Go’ set to land in China.
US group Niantic’s tie-up with games company NetEase opens door to launch.
Workplace technology fuels new harassment wave.
Shared calendars and professional social networks can be abused by would-be stalkers.
The year ahead at work.
From leadership to technology to banking, FT writers on the global forces that will shape working lives.
Tech voting rights: twilight of the spods.
Companies going public know they need to embrace democracy — eventually.
SpaceX: frontier investing.
Reusable rockets are just the starting point in transforming satellite broadband.
UK companies nervous over new customs system.
Computer software will go live in one year, just months before Brexit.
Minister attacks tech groups over encrypted messages.
May’s premiership offers chillier environment than that of her predecessor.
Morgan Stanley enters robo-advice investment market.
Access Investing, aimed at its wealthy clients’ children, follows its competitors.
Apple iPhone slowdown tests consumer loyalty.
Rise of streaming makes it easier for users to decamp to Android.
Dating apps: loved up.
Tinder has 2.5m paid users — up 86% on the previous year.
Ripple cryptocurrency surges on Japanese demand.
Market cap of crossborder payments currency reaches $76bn.
Trump says US Post should charge Amazon more.
Criticism of delivery deal is latest presidential jab at ecommerce company.
Ceding powers of decision to AI presents a paradox.
Without care, machine learning will echo and magnify human biases.
Qualcomm hopes for profit lift after 5G wifi.
Chipmaker fighting hostile takeover says long-term potential not reflected in shares.
Amazon and Apple in talks to invest into Saudi Arabia.
Announcements of data centres and stores could come as early as first quarter of 2018..
China/ US tech: the price of freedom.
In both the US and China, more data translates to better targeting.
Lyft: over Uber.
Ride-hailing group is proving that first-mover advantage does not count for everything.
SoftBank deal helps clear path towards Uber IPO.
Consortium’s $9bn investment will enable group to move out of Travis Kalanick’s shadow.
Alexa and Google Home fall short of real conversation.
Start-ups seek to move from speech recognition to true language understanding.
Beijing court seizes assets of LeEco’s Jia Yueting.
Cash, stock and homes recovered ahead of new year deadline for founder’s return to China.
Apple apologises for slower iPhones after update.
Company drops price to replace original batteries after public outcry.
SoftBank-led group to acquire $9bn stake in Uber.
Shareholders agree to sell 17% of car-booking company at a discount.
Tech group Telit secures reprieve from banks.
Internet of things group in early stage talks to sell automotive division.
Silicon Valley start-ups look to Canada for talent.
New venture aims to help companies find staff as US looks to restrict immigration.
China seeks order amid mobile payments boom.
Regulators tighten ‘know your customer’ requirements for barcode payments.
Tech trends for 2018: the big will get bigger.
Apple, Google and Facebook will continue to dominate as Alibaba and Tencent rise.
China unveils digital ID card linked to WeChat.
Programme will further enmesh 902m users into Tencent’s sprawling tech ecosystem.
Creditors scramble for cash as LeEco unravels.
Fall of Chinese tech champion illustrates dysfunction of country’s bankruptcy regime.
China bike-sharing apps find UK market tough to crack.
Alibaba-backed Ofo and rival Mobike wrestle with high labour costs.
Facebook: the anti-social network.
The ‘best-run company in the world’ must do better, from fake news to cyber-bullying.
Power and Big Tech 2017.
War is being waged by policymakers and Silicon Valley over freedom and regulation.
Beijing orders LeEco’s Jia to return to China.
Regulator tells entrepreneur to deal with company’s mounting financial problems.
Baidu accuses former executive of car tech theft.
Lawsuit against California start-up has echoes of dispute between Uber and Waymo.
Zurich Insurance acquires Hong Kong’s Bright Box.
Vienna clears HNA to take over Deutsche-linked asset manager.
Eric Schmidt steps down as Alphabet chairman.
Move ends 17-year triumvirate with Page and Brin that drove Google growth.
Eric Schmidt to step down as Alphabet board chairman.
Become a Qwitter to salvage Twitter.
The bad is in danger of driving out the good on the social networking site.
Daimler buys France’s alternative to Uber.
Deal for Chauffeur Privé shows German group seeking to attract vehicle-less consumers.
Nokia signs multiyear patent deal with Huawei.
Agreement with Chinese smartphone maker adds to Finnish group’s valuable patent portfolio.
Didi Chuxing raises $4bn as it plots overseas push.
Expansion of Chinese ride-hailing group comes at testing time for key rival Uber.
New Uber COO wants more strategy, less controversy.
Barney Harford seeks ‘break from the past’ on how the company does business.
Tencent positions itself to square up to Alibaba.
Pony Ma’s group looks to be taking on rival more directly with ecommerce deals.
EU ruling on Uber opens up company to new claims.
Tax and driver rules face changes but service in most cities unlikely to be altered.
Magic Leap to launch augmented reality goggles in 2018.
ECJ rules Uber can be regulated as taxi company.
Significant blow to car-hailing group gives EU governments broader oversight powers.
Japan Display shares jump on reports of Chinese investment talks.
Crypto Company shares suspended by regulators.
SEC moved in after fervour for digital currency businesses sent stock soaring.
Blue-chips back oil machine learning start-up.
Maana has so far focused on helping companies increase speed and reliability in their operations.
Steinhoff shares sink again as it says lenders are pulling support.
Softbank takes stake in US insurtech start-up Lemonade.
German watchdog warns Facebook over data collection.
Findings escalate spat between Berlin and the social media network.
Italy pushes ahead with 3% ‘web tax’.
Ride app Ola buys Indian food delivery service.
Foodpanda operations acquired from German group in stock swap.
Why cameras, transistor radios and satnavs still sell.
Older technology has its place as it is often more practical than the latest thin.
Uber rival Grab launches ride-hailing service in Cambodia.
Apple suppliers boost Taiwan tech sales.
Headwinds seen as iPhone X demand may soften early in 2018.
Thales wooed Gemalto with digital vision.
French defence specialist considered a better cultural fit than rival suitor Atos.
Twitter suspends accounts of far-right groups.
Britain First and American Nazi Party among organisations affected by crackdown.
Uber driver detained in killing of UK embassy worker.
Beirut case likely to underline concerns over ride-hailing app’s security measures.
From Alexa to AirPods: tech that changed our lives in 2017.
Bluetooth headphones, smartwatches and mobile payments hit the mainstream this year.
Gemalto accepts Thales €4.8bn cash offer.
All-French deal follows rejection of bid by Atos for struggling digital company.
Tencent and JD.com to invest $863m in Chinese online retailer Vipshop.
Chinese tech groups look for edge in using AI.
Tencent, Alibaba and Baidu tap into massive databases to test capabilities.
JD.com joins China automated shopping push.
Group to open hundreds of cashier-free shops as tech-savvy consumers embrace concept.
Aconex surges after $1.2bn Oracle takeover offer.
Disney and Hulu face battle to close the gap with Netflix.
Study shows scale of struggle by streaming service to catch up to industry leader.