Cannabis compounds could treat Alzheimer's by removing plaque-forming proteins from brain cells, research suggests.
99-Million-Yr-Old Bird Wings Found Encased in Amber - Finding things trapped in amber is far from rare. But when researchers in Burma found a pair of tiny bird-like wings frozen inside, they knew they had something special.
A chatbot programmed by a British teenager has successfully challenged 160,000 parking tickets since its launch last year.
Google Found Disastrous Symantec and Norton Vulnerabilities That Are 'As Bad As It Gets.
In a birth offering hope to a threatened species, an aquarium in Osaka, Japan, has succeeded in artificially breeding a southern rockhopper penguin for the first time in the world.
Authorities raid 14 Scientology offices in Russia in money laundering probe.
Indian space agency ISRO launches 20 satellites in a single launch, setting a new record for the agency.
Israel-Texas researchers win top desalination award - Winners of USAID Desal Prize will pay forward their $125,000 prize money and expertise to build water plant in Jordan.
"Europe's growing army of robot workers could be classed as 'electronic persons' and their owners liable to paying social security for them if the European Union adopts a draft plan to address the realities of a new industrial revolution."
Intel Fights Record $1.2 Billion Antitrust Fine at Top EU Court for bribing computer makers to not use AMD
Moscow has signed an agreement with Los Angeles-based company Hyperloop One to explore building a futuristic, high-speed transportation system known as a Hyperloop in the Russian capital.
N. Korea launches what appears to be Musudan mid-range missile from east coast.
Chinese supercomputer is the world's fastest  and without using US chips.
China has signed an agreement with the United Nations to open its future space station to spacecraft, science experiments and even astronauts from countries around the world.
India may be building an underwater wall of microphones to keep track of Chinas submarines, Hydrophones can record and listen to underwater sounds.
