Jackpotting, the hacking scheme where hackers make ATMs spit out cash like slot machines, is here.
US Bid to Build 5G Network Opposed by FCC Head, Wireless Lobby.
US, Canada and Mexico pledge 50% of power from clean energy by 2025.
The United Nations issued a strongly worded statement on Friday warning that any attempt by the European Union to bypass national parliaments to push through controversial trade deals would violate international human rights norms and standards.
African Union plans to introduce single passport to create EU-style 'continent without borders'
COGAT: Israel water supply to Palestinians increased, not decreased.
Catholic orders take their lead from the pope and divest from fossil fuels: Four Australian Catholic orders are jointly and publicly divesting from coal, oil and gas: We believe the Gospel asks no less of us.
Israel cuts water supplies to West Bank during Ramadan.
For the first time ever, India has crossed a major milestone in the use of renewable energy; Total capacity of renewable energy projects(wind and solar energy) expanded to 42,850 MW, overtaking hydropower at 42,783 MW, out of the country's total capacity of 300,000 MW on April 30.
Many gas stations in Canada are experiencing a gas shortage due to the Fort McMurray wildfire continuing to spread.
Chile Producing So Much Solar Energy Its Giving Electricity Away for Free - The countrys central grid has increased four-fold to 770 megawatts since 2013.
Free Wi-Fi coming all over Ho Chi Minh city.
Chinas Solar Prices Can Fall 38%, Become Competitive With Coal.
Sweden phases out fossil fuels in attempt to run completely off renewable energy: Sweden's prime minister announced his country will work towards becoming 'one of the first fossil fuel-free welfare states of the world'.
China to replace school children's 2,625 foot ladder with stairs.
Angela Merkel strikes deal with German states to put brakes on green energy. Pact addresses concerns that burgeoning output from renewables is putting strain on electricity grid and pushing up prices.
Developing world invests more in renewable energy than rich countries for first time, new study says.
BBC News: Renewable energy surges to record levels around the world.
Malaysia just established a one million hectare marine park: off the northern tip of Borneo it's a region containing the second largest concentration of coral reefs in Malaysia as well as other important habitats like mangroves, sea grass beds and productive fishing grounds.
G7 nations pledge to end fossil fuel subsidies by 2025: Leaders of the UK, US, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the EU urge all countries to join them in eliminating support for coal, oil and gas in a decade.
IKEA vows to be net exporter of renewable energy by 2020 - Worlds biggest furniture retailer says its going all in to have a net positive impact on the climate through renewable energy investment.
Harvard Scientist Engineers Superbug That Inhales CO2, Produces Energy.
Portugal runs for four days straight on renewable energy alone: Zero emission milestone reached as country is powered by just wind, solar and hydro-generated electricity for 107 hours.
Australian scientists achieve a 2050 solar efficiency benchmark 34 years early.
Top palm oil producer sues green group over deforestation allegations: Malaysian palm giant lost business after it was suspended from the Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oils certification scheme over deforestation allegations in Indonesia.
Solar is now cheaper than coal, says India energy minister.
Mitsubishi also admits cheating fuel efficiency tests.
Venezuela orders 2-day work week to stave off power crisis.
Chinas total wind power generation to triple by 2030, increase from approximately 149 GW in 2015 to over 495 GW.
Global warming milestone about to be passed and there's no going back: Cape Grim, Tasmania monitoring site jointly run by CSIRO and the Bureau of Meteorology will witness the first baseline reading of 400 parts per million (ppm) of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
CEO of Russia's leading Oil Company Rosneft, Igor Sechin: Say Goodbye to OPEC.
France studying possible ban on import of U.S. Shale gas - minister.
US to buy 32 metric tons of Iranian heavy water to fulfill nuclear deal terms.
Australian river set on fire after Greens member of Parliament lights bubbling methane gas.
China to Develop Floating Nuclear Power Plants.
Rise in CO2 has 'greened Planet Earth'.
Saudi Arabia just announced its plan to diversify away from oil.
Coral reef discovered in murky waters of the Amazon river, covering 3600 sq. km.
Ruined Chernobyl nuclear plant will remain a threat for 3,000 years.
North Korean official: We'll stop nuclear tests if US halts military exercises.
US President Barack Obama has dismissed North Korea's proposal to suspend nuclear tests if the US ends its annual military exercises with the South. On Sunday Mr Obama told reporters that the US did not take such a proposal seriously and that Pyongyang would "have to do better than that".
India Accuses US Of Double Standards On Solar Trade.
Crisis-hit Venezuela pushes clocks forward to save power.
Fracking in the US causing global surge in dangerous gas, study finds.
ISIS begs for foreign donations as its oil sales plummet.
Tony Blair courted Chinese leaders for Saudi prince's oil firm.
India Wants To Kick Its Dirty Coal Habit: The countrys power ministry plans to shut down aging coal-fired power plants with a combined capacity of 37 gigawatts of power.
Climate to inspire exodus from Middle East, North Africa in coming decades.Temperature and sea level aren't the only things expected to rise as a result of climate change. As heat becomes more extreme in some parts of the world, scientists expect a significant rise in the number of climate refugees.
Iran will close the strategic Strait of Hormuz, a passageway through which a third of the world's oil is transported, unless the US and its allies stop "threatening" it, a senior Iranian military commander has said.
US sets deadline for Assad's transition from power to August 1st.
Oil industry knew of 'serious' climate concerns more than 45 years ago.
Fossil fuels could be phased out worldwide in a decade, says new study.
Nasa calls out climate change deniers on Facebook - Nasa had to tell a climate change denier that actually, fossil fuels aren't cooling the planet.
Worlds largest coal company files for bankruptcy.
TransCanada estimates that about 16,800 gallons of oil leaked into a field in South Dakota as part of a spill that has shut the Keystone pipeline down while officials investigate.
Big oil spent $115m obstructing climate laws in 2015, NGO says.
If your country were responsible for only 0.05 percent of the world's climate-changing emissions, you might not think it worth making a plan to curb that pollution - especially when you still need to get electricity to much of your population. But the Gambian government thinks otherwise.
Two oil companies announced Monday the temporary shuttering of their Canadian oil sands mines and the evacuation of hundreds of staff as a massive forest fire creeped close.
BP would need to bring equipment from Texas to contain South Australia oil spill | Internal documents show BP would have to transport a containment response system 14,000km in the event of a spill in the Great Australian Bight.
Solar power's exponential growth: solar, battery developments soon to become the new black gold.
Norway overtakes Russia as western Europe's top gas supplier.
Iran has entered the fight to retake a major Iraqi oil refinery from Islamic State militants, contributing small numbers of troops, including some operating artillery and other heavy weapons in support of advancing Iraqi ground forces.
India's Poor cannot pay for 150 years of pollution by West says india's coal minister as India ramps up coal production to reach its target of 1 Billion ton of coal by 2020.
Dubais first solar-power and zero waste hotel consisting of 170 rooms will open doors in the first half of 2017 and will have solar buses to transport guests to different locations in the emirate.
Oil companies are subsidized at 10 million a minute..
Efficiency record for black silicon solar cells jumps to 22.1 percent; works exceptionally well on cloudy days.
Saudi oil minister sees eventual end of fossil fuels. "In Saudi Arabia, we recognize that eventually, one of these days, we are not going to need fossil fuels, I don't know when, in 2040, 2050... so we have embarked on a program to develop solar energy,".
Leaked Shell Oil documents acknowledge Global Warming is at Twice the International Threshold.
China reduces emissions equivalent to entire UK output over first four months of 2015. Coal consumption in China fell by almost eight per cent from the start of the year to the end of April, with CO2 emissions dropping five per cent during the same period compared to the same time in 2014.
Canada Aboriginals Reject $960 Million Petronas Gas Deal. An aboriginal group along Canadas Pacific Coast turned down Petroliam Nasional Bhd.s offer of C$319,000 ($267,000) for each member as compensation for building a natural gas export terminal on ancestral lands.
Letting Shell drill in Arctic could lead to catastrophic oil spill, experts warn | Lack of local infrastructure to undertake oil exploration will prove devastating, environmentalists say  there is one road, no rail system and limited air facilities.
Oil rises towards $66 after China cuts rates.
Oil tops $60 a barrel for first time in 2015.
Pilots brace for 5-day solar-powered flight from China to Hawaii. " do it ... without a drop of fuel."
A US activist group that has received funding from energy companies and the foundation controlled by conservative activist Charles Koch is trying to persuade the Vatican that there is no global warming crisis ahead of an environmental statement by Pope Francis.
Renewable energy officially just overtook fossil fuels - According to a report presented in New York last week, we're now adding more capacity for renewable energy each year than coal, natural gas and oil combined.
Solar Costing a Third of Retail Power Emerges in Germany. Germanys cost of producing solar energy has shrunk to about a third of the price households pay for power after the nation made developers compete for subsidies.
China Adds Solar Power the Size of France in First Quarter: Chinas solar installations in the first quarter were almost equal to Frances entire supply of power from the sun. China connected 5.04 gigawatts of solar capacity.
Oil companies' sponsorship of the arts 'is cynical PR strategy' | Campaigner says attempts by oil companies such as BP and Shell to artwash their image are done simply to gain prestige and nullify local protests.
The Gulf Oil Spill You Never Heard About May Be the Largest Ever: The AP charges that Taylor Energy Company 'has downplayed the leak's extent and environmental impact'.
National Grid plans electric car power network.
Utility identifies 50 motorway sites for rapid-recharge points.
National Grid plans electric car power network.
Utility identifies 50 motorway sites for rapid-recharge points.
McDonnell is right: Britain can nationalise water.
Real question is whether ownership changes would improve the utilities.
Ministers warned on subsidy risk to wind power projects.
At least 2 proposed floating farms under threat unless scheme extended.
Oil majors see expansion in domestic utilities.
Big European groups lay foundations for expansion into the electricity supply chain.
EDF expects profit levels to come back this year.
Chief forecasts earnings will ‘rebound’ in 2018 after sharp fall in 2017.
Ofgem opens investigation into small supplier Iresa.
Regulator will examine customer service processes.
Neptune Energy sets aim on being the next BG Group.
Centrica ex-chief Sam Laidlaw wants new venture to be leading independent gas company.
UK energy suppliers to blame for price cap, say MPs.
MPs also say regulator is ‘too slow and reluctant’ to step in.
UK energy ‘challengers’ face tough times.
Future Energy’s demise sparks debate on whether domestic gas and electricity market is working.
Sharp fall in auction prices for UK back-up power.
Fears result will not encourage construction of new large gas plants.
Cheniere seals long-term LNG deal with CNPC.
Deal is first long-term contract between a Chinese company and a US supplier.
Ofgem safeguards additional 1m UK energy customers, but at higher cost.
Regulator has come under fire for being too ‘passive’ on rising costs.
UK industry pays 33% more for electricity than Europe.
Report proposes policy changes to support more competitive prices.
Nuclear: why cheap gas and renewables threaten struggling industry.
The UK’s Hinkley Point C has become a critical test of developers’ ability to compete with alternative energy.
Yorkshire power plant to close as coal’s decline continues.
Eggborough lost out in recent National Grid auction to provide back-up electricity.
Gove targets water companies over use of tax havens.
Minister offers regulator more powers to clamp down on ‘opaque financial structures’.
Utilities’ golden decade in danger of losing its shine.
Tighter regulation and higher borrowing costs could crimp returns.
Cape Town’s water crisis should be a wake-up call.
Few cities are doing enough to plan for and adapt to climate change.
EU commits €578m funding for undersea Spain-France power link.
Thames Water deploys detectives to stop water theft.
UK’s biggest supplier estimates 2m-3m litres lost every year to illegal pipes.
Anaemic revenue rises have polluted the French utility’s reputation with shareholders.
Suez shares drop 15% after earnings cut.
Water and waste group is struggling for growth in Europe.
National Grid attacks Ofgem over Hinkley Point.
Plan to cut cost of connecting nuclear plant to the grid will hit investment, UK group says.
Trump ups ante with new tariffs in China trade battle.
Beijing hits out at new charges on solar cells and washing machines.
National Grid hits out at Ofgem over Hinkley Point proposals.
FTSE 100 group will ‘consider all other options’ if agreement can’t be reached.
Engie chief declares ‘repositioning’ complete.
French energy company cuts costs and refocuses on renewables and digital.
Five tough choices for UK to keep the lights on.
Funding constraints collide with switch to low-carbon electricity generation.
Gas from Russian Arctic to warm homes in Boston.
Russian media says shipment contradicts US boasts of energy independence.
Pioneering Britain has a rethink on privatisation.
Once a leader in selling off utilities, many in UK now think investors have run rings around regulators.
India defends solar panel makers from China rivals.
Regulators plan 70% import duty that developers fear could curb industry.
Shell unit applies for minicab licence in London.
First oil major to look at offering Uber-style tech in key ride-hailing market.
United Utilities boss sells down.
Regulation and adverse publicity have hit the share price.
EDF tries pension funds for Sizewell C finance.
French utility says costs will be lower than Hinkley Point.
Carbon targets in danger of being missed.
Climate change report calls for more ambition in £2.5bn strategy.
UK and Japan look at financing Wylfa nuclear plant.
Softening of London’s previous refusal to commit funds to new reactors.
Ministers urged to look beyond Swansea lagoon cost.
Claims tidal power could make similar technological advances to wind projects.
Gove warns water groups over offshore tax structures.
UK environment secretary threatens legislation if companies do not behave responsibly.
Ofgem apologies for energy price cap failure.
Regulator accused by MPs of acting ‘like a bystander’ rather than protecting poor households.
Repsol considering €4bn sale of stake in Gas Natural.
US regulators reject subsidy plan for coal power plants.
FERC’s decision is a setback for Trump administration’s push to ‘bring back coal’.
Carbon targets on the table in German coalition talks.
Softening 2020 deadline for emission cuts would represent blow for Merkel.
Eon sells Uniper stake to Finland’s Fortum for €3.78bn.
Alternative to silicon offers cheaper solar power.
Scientists believe perovskite cells would get costs down to pennies per watt.
Superconductivity takes small steps forward.
Hydrogen and graphene show promise for zero electrical resistance at room temperature.
Orkney shows potential of hydrogen fuel.
The gas may be best option for heavy transport such as trucks, ships and trains.
Advances that make wind a better power source.
New designs means turbines can be installed in more places and at lower cost.
Toshiba closes at 2-month high after offloading Westinghouse.
Toshiba sells Westinghouse in $4.6bn deal.
Brookfield subsidiary to buy all of the equity.
Brookfield Business Partners to buy Westinghouse in $4.6bn deal.
Will cash sweeteners be enough to satisfy customers of South Carolina utility?
Scana accepts $14.6bn bid after nuclear project failure.
Dominion Energy’s all-share offer came following difficulties for South Carolina group.
Dominion Energy to buy US utility Scana in $14.6bn deal.
Combined group will operate in 18 states and have 6.5m customers.
Most UK electricity in 2017 is low-carbon for first time.
Renewables and nuclear reach landmark after rapid growth in wind and solar sources.
Winds of change blow through renewable energy market.
In 2017, companies bid to build the first subsidy-free offshore wind projects.
Russian gas shipment ‘will not enter UK network’.
Tankerload of LNG from Arctic Circle likely to be shipped on to Asia.
Call for some electric car drivers to pay extra.
Home-charging in peak hours puts pressure on network, warns chief of SP Energy Networks.
Centrica on hunt for oil and gas deals.
UK’s biggest energy supplier wants to build out production after Bayerngas Norge tie-up.
Blowing cold on Danish renewable energy companies looks inadvisable.
Ukraine’s Naftogaz claims victory over Gazprom in first of two $80bn arbitration rulings.
Shell ​forecourts set to target energy customers.
Takeover of First Utility will allow energy major to take on ‘big six’ power suppliers.
‘Mini-grid’ household energy sharing begins to take off.
Network of 20,000 German homes selling to each other shows new distribution model.
Shell to buy First Utility in challenge to UK energy suppliers.
More consolidation expected as suppliers brace for government’s energy price cap.
Utilities short-circuited by California wildfires.
Shell buys UK independent energy supplier First Utility.
Drax says power station fire will have £10m impact.
Parts of the UK’s biggest plant will be temporarily shut after conveyor belt fire.
Second activist fund takes large stake in Uniper.
Knight Vinke’s move further complicates Fortum’s hostile bid for German utility.
Ukraine makes strides towards energy independence.
New laws meet concerns of investors and open way to country becoming an energy hub.
Innogy chief leaves after profit warning.
German energy group has faced problems in UK supply business.
Innogy’s CEO departs days after profit warning.
Gas shortage forces Chinese city to end heating at government buildings.
UK’s next nuclear plant eyes new funding models.
After the high cost of Hinkley, Wylfa could involve state financial support.
Private equity offloads stake in Anglian Water.
Deal by 3i comes as other investors reduce exposure to UK water groups.
EDF board gives green light to Areva stake purchase.
BP warms to renewables with $200m solar stake.
Oil major returns to field with investment to bolster Lightsource expansion beyond UK.
Thames Water issues £145m bond through Caymans.
Issue comes weeks after promise to close utility’s Caribbean funding operations.
Sanjeev Gupta buys into UK tidal energy.
Steel tycoon’s GFG conglomerate agrees to take 49.99% stake in Atlantis Resources.
Home energy price gap widens.
Big savings are to be had from switching to smaller suppliers.
Innogy blames UK market for profit warning.
German company’s Npower division and its peers have been losing market share.
The latest regulatory review is tough, but not unduly so.
Water regulator criticised for removing cap on performance rewards.
Ofwat pledges lower bills for customers but loophole creates profit opportunity.
Japan court halts restart of nuclear plant.
Edison leads utilities lower while California wildfires burn.
UK pipeline shutdown sends energy prices soaring.
Forties Pipeline System is expected to be out of action for several weeks.
French utility EDF plans major push into solar power.
Natural gas golden age turns to bubble.
European coal staring into abyss, says climate study.
Phasing out fossil fuel by end of next decade forecast to eliminate €22bn of losses.
UK nuclear sector vows to cut construction cost by 30%.
Government warms to the idea of public financing for nuclear power.
Takeover activity has helped encourage higher dividends.
GE cuts 12,000 power equipment jobs.
Business serving gas and coal-fired plants hit hard by rise of renewables.
Chile harvests formidable solar power opportunities.
Fossil fuels shortage stimulates unprecedented boom in renewable energy investment.
Uniper offers investors cash to fend off hostile takeover.
German utility pledges to lift its dividend 25% a year until 2020 in face of Fortum bid.
China eases coal restrictions as gas prices soar.
Kepco higher after UK nuclear deal, chief’s resignation.
Gulf Energy: lifting gas.
Offering of Thai power generator suggests exuberance is creeping in.
Kepco wins race to become preferred NuGen bidder.
South Korean utility seeks to buy Toshiba unit behind UK’s Moorside nuclear project.
S. Korea’s KEPCO named preferred bidder for Toshiba’s UK nuclear unit.
Czech company banks on embers of thermal power.
EPH buys plants fired by coal, gas and lignite to fill gap in switch greener generation.
Elliott’s Paul Singer amasses stake in Germany’s Uniper.
EDF faces forked path to renewable future.
Talk of break-up has mounted as France seeks to end dependence on nuclear.
The costs of nuclear secrecy.
UK government to bolster support for nuclear power.
Package of measures to include details of plans to develop ‘mini’ reactors.
Yorkshire Water investors look to sell £4bn stakes.
Move comes ahead of regulatory review expected to hit sector profits.
‘I have never sold a Macquarie share in 30 years’.
Shemara Wikramanayake, head of asset management, touts value of the world’s leading infrastructure manager.
Thames Water promises to clean up its act.
Ofwat finds shortcomings in reporting a day after pledge of clean start under new team.
Tesla switches on world’s biggest lithium-ion battery.
Musk delivers on promise to South Australia to build storage solution within 100 days.
Data from big UK water groups full of ‘basic errors’.
Thames Water singled out and put in lowest category by Ofwat.
Ofwat accuses Thames Water of ‘basic errors’ in reporting.
Regulator says group’s monitoring ‘did not instill confidence'.
Local authorities plug into energy market.
Taxpayer-backed providers challenge big utilities with business model based on fair pricing.
Smart money should back solar.
We are on the verge of a revolutionary transformation able to power the last billion.
Bank on Carney to be the grown-up in the room.
Bankers and LSE shareholders should be grateful for governor’s efforts.
Areva headquarters raided by French prosecutors.
Thames Water stops dividends as it seeks to clean up image.
No shareholder payout after a period marred by fines for leaks and polluting waterways.
Thames Water suspends external dividend after controversy.
Consortium of investors have had at least £1.2bn of payouts since taking over in 2006.
Greener energy market requires ruthless control of costs.
Ever-rising subsidies sit uncomfortably with government policies to cap charges.
Clean coal has a part in the Paris Agreement.
We must not ignore an important energy source but invest in making it cleaner.
Centrica investors blindsided by America woes.
US and Canada operations hit by subdued demand and plentiful supply.
Water companies must divine where interests flow.
Utilities show age-old contradictions in trying to serve both customers and investors.
Thames Water promises to close Cayman subsidiaries.
Response to pressure over corporate structure.
Centrica suffers record one-day share price fall.
Energy group’s stock falls 15% after losing 823,000 domestic customers in the quarter.
Severn Trent unveils plan to sell land for housing.
Water group says land sales could raise extra £100m in profit, and create 1,000 new homes by 2020.
Threats to the dividend are overstated and say more about the US than the UK.
Severn Trent stems floods, Thames Water comes back onshore.
Centrica heads for worst share price drop in 20 years.
FT Opening Quote – Severn flooded with incentives.
British Gas loses 823,000 household customers in four months.
Centrica seeks to reassure investors over dividend after ‘disappointing’ second half.
Severn Trent announces plans to sell surplus land.
UK made ‘grave strategic errors’ in Hinkley Point.
MPs say consumers were ‘dealt a bad hand’ and warn against more nuclear power stations.
Engineers still practise water divining, say UK utilities.
Medieval method with dowsing rods used to detect leaks and pipes by 10 UK groups.
India to hit peak coal demand by 2027, says report.
Rise of renewables creates problem for country’s biggest mining companies.
Centrica investors must hope tariff gains less frosty reception.
Lombard Disambiguator™ makes quick work of group’s announcement.
Centrica pledges to end most expensive billing plans.
British Gas owner is latest to promise action following threat of legislation.
William Hill hopes two big results will go its way.
British Gas owner Centrica pledges to end standard variable tariffs.
China’s promised energy revolution.
Head of Puerto Rico power utility abruptly resigns.
Ofgem rejects power company calls for £120m rebate.
Fickle UK weather poses threat to future power supplies.
Study highlights need for flexibility on energy sources as wind and solar power rise in mix.
Chinese energy demand: winter is coming.
Curbs on polluting industries are putting the heat on low-grade materials.
French minister turns up heat on EDF over renewables.
Nicolas Hulot says utility must help country cut reliance on nuclear power.
SSE goes low-tech to speed up London broadband.
Telecoms arm of energy group signs sewers deal with Thames Water to go round BT’s Openreach.
EDF shares drop on falling demand and nuclear outages.
French energy company cuts its targets for earnings and cash flow in 2018.
Selling US gas to China.
Demand for LNG could be helped by long-planned system for trading carbon emissions.
French electricity provider is drifting after profits outlook for 2018 looks gloomy.
Ineos buys Swiss football club Lausanne-Sport.
EDF shares drop after cut to profit forecast.
French utility pledges to speed up cost-cutting plan.
Customer complaints rise over UK water services.
Doubts cast on Ofwat’s strategy of offering supplier choice to non-household market.
Regulation should not depend on watchdogs’ guesses.
Utilities have had an easy rise at the expense of consumers.
GE and Siemens: power pioneers flying too far from the sun.
The two industrial titans are struggling to cope with the disruption to their business models from wind and solar.
EU emissions reforms send a strong smoke signal.
Surge in price of carbon permits predicted.
Uranium miners spike after Cameco suspends production at flagship mine.
With free cash flow and no debt, expect the wind to change for Danish turbine maker.
National Grid hits back at calls for renationalisation.
Total snaps up Engie’s LNG assets for $1.5bn.
SSE/Npower: embarrassing parents.
Assurances about promised savings along with imaginative names will be needed.
US election results boost carbon trading markets.
Democrat wins in Virginia and New Jersey could bring states into cap-and-trade system.
SSE, Npower household business deal tests regulators.
Competition concerns raised by new company which will have 11.5m customer accounts.
SSE and Npower agree to combine household energy businesses.
Two of the UK’s ‘big six’ gas and electricity suppliers want to form new company.
Eon on track to meet earnings targets after higher Q3 profits.
Electric cars’ green image blackens beneath the bonnet.
Research into the lifecycle of electric vehicles is a wake-up call for an industry geared up to promote ‘zero emission cars’.
Electricity industry on alert for ‘cyber sabotage’.
State-sponsored hackers are developing the capability to disable power grids.
Two big UK energy groups in talks to combine.
SSE and Npower discuss spinning off household supply businesses into new company.
Norsk Hydro in ‘biggest’ solo wind farm energy deal.
Aluminium group reserves power from new Swedish project funded by Macquarie and GE.
SSE and Npower in talks to combine retail businesses in new company.
Scottish windfarm gets go-ahead after RSPB denied appeal.
Nigeria investors in the dark over paying for vital works.
Government called upon to ease the way for new roads and power stations.
Turbine maker Siemens Gamesa to cut 6,000 jobs.
Spanish renewables group suffers amid post-takeover management turmoil.
Westinghouse recovery buoys India nuclear power plans.
Wisdom of expensive foreign-built plants questioned as price of renewables falls.
MbS tightens his grip.
Move to consolidate power in Saudi Arabia raises new questions about political risk.
Britain’s utilities should not be ATMs for investors.
Practice of minimising risk capital can be very rewarding — but shifts the risks on to customers.
UK businesses take action to cut their energy bills.
Groups are generating their own power or doing direct deals with renewables developers.
Energy groups push EU for tougher climate goals.
Iberdrola, Enel and SSE among those wanting more aggressive targets for renewables.
Trump’s backing counts little for coal lobbyists.
US president’s bailout is meeting resistance from unexpected sources, says John Dizard.
EU looks to expand regulations on Russia’s Nord Stream 2 project.
Small-cap focus: energy minnows challenge big six.
Disrupters also find market tough as competition intensifies.
En+ to list at lower end of proposed range.
Investors say there was caution over corporate governance and links to US scandal.
US coal’s upturn favours mines in western states.
Consumption of central Appalachian coal for power generation falls 20 per cent so far this year.
India power plant blast kills at least 20.
Orsted to sell 50% of world’s largest wind farm.
The former Dong Energy lifts earnings forecast but reveals lower underlying operating profits.
Danish renewables co Ørsted sells 50% of largest wind farm for £2bn.
EN+ signals further return of Londongrad listings.
Group’s IPO in UK is biggest test of investor sentiment towards Russia since 2014 sanctions.
Reality dawns on India’s solar ambitions.
The country has one of the world’s biggest solar sectors, but now faces the risk of a bubble.
Vistra/Dynegy: more power to you.
No more highly leveraged energy producers.
Dynegy hopes for Trump boost as it agrees to $10.7bn takeover.
Unions reach deal to avoid strike at Hinkley Point nuclear plant.
Trump drives wedge between gas and coal industries.
Tentative realignment of fossil fuel groups may lead to open conflict.
Rising UK electricity prices put system under scrutiny.
Helm review calls for price control shake-up and rethink of National Grid role.
Energy bills ‘significantly higher’ than necessary.
Consumers and business fail to benefit from fall in fossil and renewable fuel prices.
GIP, China sovereign wealth fund to buy renewable energy portfolio for $3.7bn.
Yorkshire Water to close Cayman Island subsidiaries.
Jersey registration of holding company under review as group concedes public concern.
Kepco shares dip 2% after Moon renews nuclear phase-out vow.
UK urged to renew carbon tax pledge.
Energy groups warn of coal-fired power revival if carbon pricing abandoned.
Poorer service and higher costs reflect mediocrity.
Progress on renewables provokes backlash in central and eastern Europe.
Further advances towards climate change targets are threatened by political resistance.
Russia’s Novatek in talks with Saudis over Arctic gas project, says CEO.
Imagine...higher oil prices.
Secretary-general of Opec echoes Lennon in his vision for the oil market.
Thames Water battles rising tide of complaints.
Mains pipes have been bursting with alarming frequency in London, report reveals.
Shell opens UK electric vehicle charge points.
Charging points to sit alongside petrol and diesel pumps at filling stations.
Australia to abandon clean energy target.
Echoes of Trump’s US energy policy put Canberra’s promised emissions cuts in doubt.
Losing the Spanish company’s chief after the merger in April has proved to be a mistake.
UBS loses appeal against derivatives contracts ruling.
UK court says Swiss bank cannot enforce contracts against German utility KWL.
The disruptive power of renewables.
Much talk but little action on pollution in India.
Activists regret that little progress has been made on pollution and sanitation.
Renewable energy industry races to keep pace with New Delhi’s ambitious targets.
After a frenzy of bidding, fluctuating prices have begun to hit growth.
Invenergy ramps up $700m Poland wind farm dispute.
US renewables group set to initiate international arbitration proceedings.
UK looks to end outsourcing of nuclear clean-up.
Decommissioning atomic reactors set to be brought in house after contract collapses.
UK unveils plan for temporary cap on energy bills.
Ministers propose the biggest state intervention in the market since privatisation.
UK aims for step change in home energy efficiency.
Ministers unveil new strategy to decarbonise economy and tackle climate change.
Surge in corporate planning for cost of carbon.
Sharp rise in number of big companies taking into account climate change risks.
US energy group ContourGlobal heads for UK IPO.
UK’s promised energy price cap will expire in 2020.
Legislation to tackle ‘rip-off’ bills faces delay while power companies are consulted.
Ofgem to protect 1m more ‘vulnerable’ customers against high energy prices.
Clean growth strategy to reshape energy industry.
Business department to unveil 50 measures including more support for nuclear.
UK accused of £122m ‘failure’ in nuclear clean-up.
Public spending watchdog says decommissioning agency and government bungled £6bn project.
Senior UK officials defend Hinkley Point approval.
Top civil servants say first new UK nuclear power plant since 1990s is good value for money.
Centrica CEO signals confidence with share purchase.
Microsoft to buy all the power from Irish wind farm.
Deal with GE is latest example of big companies driving demand for renewables.
French-backed Finnish nuclear plant delayed again.
High-profile power station likely to start production more than a decade late.
The dangers of populism for the energy sector.
Scottish Power to tackle default energy tariffs.
Utility plans to move households on to fixed-price deals when contracts expire.
Privatised monopolies need tougher regulation.
An overhaul of industry watchdogs will head off calls for renationalisation.
Japan nuclear stocks down on opposition party’s phase-out plans.
Those keen on aluminium could simply buy Rusal’s stock directly.
Oleg Deripaska’s En+ group to list in London.
First big Russian IPO in UK capital since 2014 seeks to raise $1.5bn.
May’s pledge to cap energy bills hits utilities.
Tories to introduce legislation placing price limits on standard variable tariffs.
Growth in solar eclipses new coal-fired generation.
Cheaper green technology expected to help renewables expand 43% over next 5 years.
Centrica tumbles as May revives energy price cap.
Digital eyes and ears of the internet of things.
It is a slow process — not a revolution — but the IoT is here to stay.
Restart at world’s largest nuclear site gets preliminary green light in Japan.
Trump in Puerto Rico defends response to disaster.
President says island did not see ‘real catastrophe’ like Hurricane Katrina.
Japan nuclear stocks lukewarm after Tokyo governor denies parliament run.
Readers’ suggestions for 50 ideas to change the world.
From roads paved with energy-generating crystals to molecular modelling.
Dong Energy renamed Ørsted after abandoning fossil fuels.
New nuclear – a chance to start again.
US coal and nuclear subsidies shock electric market.
Energy proposals signal most radical industry shake-up in decades.
Lax regulation has turned UK into a rentier’s paradise.
The ‘light touch’ has made some utility deals extremely lucrative.
Clark tells Ofgem to rein in power companies.
Business secretary admits Tories have failed to make case for market economy.
Japanese utilities: chain over-reaction.
Financial markets are often bad at interpreting political risks.
Don’t write off coal amid India’s solar boom.
Coal use may double by 2040, but investment can limit the rise in harmful emissions.
Tories join demand for May to deliver energy pledge.
Nearly 200 MPs sign cross-party letter to end ‘stitch-up’ by big power companies.
French utility EDF shuts its Tricastin power plant.
Drax says big power stations will remain important.
Company examines options for UK’s biggest plant as coal fired power is phased out.
Fortum/Uniper: helmet coal.
Finnish group’s offer for the energy company is tempting.
Australian gas producers agree domestic supply deal to avoid export curbs.
Competition hits energy provider First Utility.
Supplier suffers drop in customer numbers in first half but margins increase.
Fortum launches €8bn takeover offer for Uniper.
Finnish group secures agreement of Eon, the German utility’s biggest shareholder and former parent.
Fortum launches €8bn offer for Uniper after securing Eon’s stake.
Solar power breakthrough as subsidy-free farm opens.
Renewable energy industry hails ‘landmark’ scheme without government support.
The global importance of China’s oil imports.
Security of flows will be an increasingly pressing worry as the country’s consumption rises.
RWE shares slide at prospect of Greens in German coalition.
Green bond boom brings growing pains.
Market’s growth raises questions over what exactly constitutes ‘green’.
Cheap renewable contracts could be options in disguise.
Plunge in the cost of power from offshore turbines puts industry to the test.
ITC says foreign competition damaging US solar panel industry.
Gazprom’s good times are unlikely to last very long.
Rapidly growing LNG output will pose competition threat for Russian gas heavyweight.
Ghana’s green energy projects await sign-off.
About 10 per cent of electricity production to come from solar, wind and biofuels by 2020.
Ghana’s goal of plentiful power faces high costs.
Boosting generating capacity and new natural gas sources are vital.
How shy and retiring Dorothy took Drax-tic action.
Retiring chief took three key decisions that saved the UK power group.
The UK water regime calls out for change.
Insufficient competition has bred a lack of accountability.
Drax boss Dorothy Thompson to step down.
Chief executive transformed focus of Yorkshire power business from coal to biomass.
Naftogaz resignations spark fears over Ukraine reform.
Pressure from western backers to adhere to structural changes stipulated by IMF.
Fasten your seatbelts… it’s Ryanair’s AGM.
Drax boss Dorothy Thompson to step down after 12 years.
Chief executive transformed focus of Yorkshire power business from coal to biomass.
Uniper rejects ‘unsolicited offer’ from Fortum.
Finnish power group on brink of bidding to buy out company’s biggest shareholder Eon.
Uniper pushes back on spectre of Fortum takeover.
UK’s Quercus plans €500m solar power farm in Iran.
Green investment company reaches deal with Tehran to build 600MW plant.
Finland’s Fortum in advanced talks to buy Eon’s Uniper stake.
Itaipú dam treaty with Paraguay up for renewal.
Questions arise on how the power station’s output is shared.
Brazil’s renewable energy potential attracts investors.
Wind farms boast capacity that is double the global average.
Water company complaints hit 2.23m in England and Wales.
Progress on customer service ‘appears to have stalled’, says watchdog.
China looks to buy into new UK nuclear plant.
State-controlled China General Nuclear will bid for equity stake in Cumbria’s NuGen site.
Coal hits a plateau.
Latest projections suggest that global consumption has reached its peak.
The future of coal in seven charts.
Trends in the US and internationally show how difficult it will be to ‘bring back coal’.
China’s CGN seeks stake in Toshiba-led UK nuclear project.
Pipeline setback squeezes gas export ambitions.
Hungary deems only small portion of joint project as economically viable.
Sovereign fund envisaged to bolster privatisation.
Despite some successes, a wary nation lags behind peers on sell-offs.
Energy executives confident over renewables future.
Lower costs are expected to make wind and solar projects more profitable.
Russia-backed Finnish nuclear plant faces further delay.
Construction licence delayed a year to 2019, according to operator Fennovoima.
PwC’s role in advising Ofwat on prices scrutinised.
Firm’s work with water groups alongside regulator raises conflict of interest fears.
UK water regulator leaves households out to dry.
Ofwat seems more focused on keeping the industry happy than it is on the consumers.
Future ownership of Westinghouse shrouded in doubt.
Chief says company hopes to emerge from bankruptcy protection ‘in next few months’.
Green is not always good for investors.
Investments on renewables have not paid off as much as hoped.
Drax plans huge gas plant and battery facility.
Owner of UK’s biggest power facility in shift away from coal-fired electricity.
TVO appeals to EU for more state aid for rival Areva.
AGL incurs Canberra’s wrath over coal power plant.
Australian energy group embroiled in dispute highlighting concern over government meddling.
Big investors to put more money into tackling climate change.
Investors are frustrated about ‘inadequate’ disclosure from companies, survey says.
Offshore wind’s victory tests Britain’s energy policy.
Left to its own devices, the market will not deliver on clean power beyond 2021.
Powerful turbines slash price of offshore wind farms.
Mature market means developers already have infrastructure in place.
Shell’s long view.
The company finds it hard to see a peak in oil demand emerging before the 2030s.
Renewable energy case boosted by sharp subsidy fall.
Auction reveals costs far lower than new nuclear plants.
Offshore UK wind power subsidy costs drop 51% in upbeat sign for renewables.
Water privatisation looks little more than an organised rip-off.
Bills are rising to fund massive shareholder payouts.
Shell strikes Nigerian gas deal.
Shell signs $300m agreement with local company to develop, market and distribute natural gas.
Scottish tidal power scheme thrown into doubt.
MeyGen subsea turbines in Pentland Firth told to compete for subsidies with offshore wind.
Irma hits Cuba with 160mph winds.
Massive evacuation as one of most powerful Atlantic storms heads for Florida.
Small-cap focus: green energy companies eye expansion.
Aim-quoted groups seek to benefit from shift away from fossil fuels.
Big Oil bets on a dash for gas.
Producers are investing heavily in LNG projects to compete with wind and solar. But is too much capacity being added?
Japan’s Tepco up 3% after optimistic reports on restart at world’s largest nuclear plant.
Hackers infiltrate systems of energy companies.
Dragonfly has ability to sabotage computer networks in US and Turkey, warns Symantec.
Gazprom signals initial China gas pipeline volumes.
UK power distributors criticised for ‘huge’ profit margins.
Companies made average profits of 32% a year between 2010 and 2015, report says.
Macquarie ‘transferred £2bn debt’ to Thames Water.
Utility says refinancing was agreed with Ofwat, the industry regulator.
Georgia Power provides lifeline for $19bn nuclear plant.
Only new station still being built in US after South Carolina scheme suspended.
Oman to invest up to $120m in Spanish uranium mine.
Deal with Berkeley Energia comes as Gulf states turn attention away from domestic oil output.
Oman wealth fund bets $120m on uranium miner Berkeley Energia.
Energy regulator ‘scared to do its job’, says MP.
Watchdog criticised for not imposing a cap on electricity and gas bills.
Tech and utilities — the odd couple of US stocks.
There is low but steady growth in one and the promise of outsized growth in the other.
China approves merger of state-owned energy groups.
Comcast and Sunrun strike solar panel sales deal.
Industry’s latest marketing alliance comes despite fall-off in rate of installations.
Berkshire Hathaway chief is the victim of the sustained bull market.
Brazil signals sale of stake in Eletrobras.
Shares in Latin America’s biggest electricity generator rise over 46%.
UK eyes rethink after high cost of nuclear plant.
Ministers stung by criticism of deal to provide new energy infrastructure at Hinkley.
US power grid passes its solar eclipse test.
Darkened skies prompt music and awe — and a tweet from Lloyd Blankfein.
UK electricity distributors on notice for £14m fine.
Regulator Ofgem wants better service for customers who request new connections.
First ex-Soviet state buys US natural gas.
Lithuanian deal is intended to weaken Europe’s reliance on Russian energy.
Sempra gatecrashes Warren Buffett’s Oncor deal.
Elliott-backed $18.8bn purchase of Texas utility beats Berkshire offer.
Investors wait to hear if BHP digs Elliott ideas.
Ofgem threatens energy distribution companies with revenue cut.
The hidden costs of renewable power.
Reform might reveal something closer to the true expense of new energy technologies.
Sempra Energy nears deal to buy Oncor for $9.3bn.
Charge the electric car but don’t boil the kettle.
Homes likely to blow main fuse as system struggles to cope with electricity demand.
Calpine agrees sale in $5.6bn private equity deal.
Energy Capital Partners snaps up US electricity group for its stable cash flows.
Macquarie seals £2.3bn Green Investment Bank deal.
Australian group says it will build on GIB’s legacy of promoting renewable energy.
Eclipse sheds light on growth in US solar energy.
Need for replacement power sources as skies darken highlights the sector’s growth.
Solarworld resurrected with aid of Qatari group.
Group agrees to sell its key assets for about €100m to Qatari-German joint venture.
Buffett’s $18bn Texan utility deal risks collapse.
Berkshire Hathaway bid for Oncor may be stymied by Eliott debt holding.
Buffett’s $18bn utility deal in Texas on the verge of collapsing.
Closure of biggest UK gas storage site draws criticism.
Energy trade body calls for inquiry into Centrica’s move to close Rough facility.
The lights are dimming on King Coal’s power.
There is little evidence that renewables have had a negative impact on reliability.
German utility RWE boosted by €1.7bn tax refund.
Shares rise after full-year earnings come in at upper end of forecasts.
German energy groups: under-powered dower.
The outlook for dividends is brightening at utilities RWE and Eon.
Germany’s RWE to pay special dividend after major tax refund.
US solar industry fights import tariffs proposal.
Companies to warn new duties would cost jobs and halt sector’s growth at hearings.
Shell moves into electricity supply business.
UK energy: still generating interest.
Britain is a tough market that continues to attract new entrants.
Innogy’s UK unit falls into loss.
Npower blames 114% decline on government talk of a price cap on energy bills.
Eon to boost dividend after tax refund cuts debt.
German utility receives €2.85bn rebate after nuclear tax declared unconstitutional.
London super sewer causes stink over opaque funding.
Environmentalists back project but critics focus on high investor returns and executive pay.
Zuma Energía secures $600m financing for Mexican wind farm.
Eon to raise dividend after €5bn debt reduction.
UK launches independent energy review.
Government looks to assuage concerns over cost and supply.
Shenhua Group and China Guodian submit merger plans.
British Gas warns energy policy is hitting bills.
Energy supplier says 15% of household costs are down to government’s approach.
US and Russia step up fight to supply Europe’s gas.
Customers could emerge winners should prices fall despite Washington sanctions.
China’s nuclear export ambitions are overblown.
Market and political pressures threaten to stymie Beijing’s nuclear power export push.
Centrica profits progress on a slow burner.
Group is juggling fewer customers, debt reduction and calls for higher dividends.
Centrica to raise electricity prices 12.5%.
British Gas owner blames government policies for rise that will hit 3.1m customers.
British Gas to raise electricity prices by 12.5% from September.
Supplier blames rising costs of energy policies such as roll-out of smart meters.
Westinghouse nuclear project halted in S Carolina.
Suspension deals another blow to power business of Japan’s Toshiba.
The east is turning green.
China and India are taking a global lead in renewable energy.
Engie profits rise as it continues push towards renewables.
EDF profit falls amid lower nuclear electricity output.
Ireland weighs post-Brexit energy security options.
Dublin seeks EU support for €1bn French electricity link and €500m LNG terminal.
Npower teams up with Allianz to expand in home services market.
Green jobs growth slows amid government paralysis.
Ministers dither over decisions on future of renewables sector.
Robot probes Fukushima reactor in clean-up effort.
Images of possible melted fuel debris a breakthrough in nuclear disaster site exploration.
Large-scale take-up will mean the need to switch on to an improved network.
Power Assets jumps on special dividend plan.
SSE and ScottishPower lose out in customer churn.
Big six energy groups under pressure from ‘challengers’ offering cheap deals.
RWE starts planning process on Tilbury power plant.
Low rainfall leaves cloud over Iberdrola.
Tough competition among UK energy providers still luring away SSE customers.
Drax overhauls the coal.
Low-carbon power generator reverts to coal-firing temporarily.
Coal has no future, says US railroad boss.
CSX will not buy locomotives to haul the fuel despite Trump pledge to revive industry.
Drax appoints conservationist to board.
David Nussbaum joins as group looks to ditch coal-fired electricity generation.
The oil price is living on borrowed time.
Emerging market demand for oil in vehicles will dissipate faster than many expect.
California’s novel answer to solar power glut.
Negative wholesale power prices proliferate in state with high retail rates.
Bayerngas Norge deal needs to end in a sale, not an expansion, of E&P unit.
Centrica combines exploration with Bayerngas Norge.
Joint venture is example of step back by utilities from legacy oil and gas portfolios.
Centrica combines oil and gas business with Bayerngas Norge.
Energy groups raise alarm over smart meter rollout.
Industry warns process of installing devices is complex and expensive.
Assets belong with those who want to best deploy them.
Barnier warns UK ‘the clock is ticking on Brexit’.
EU chief negotiator says Britain needs to make its position clear on a range of key issues.
Ofgem signals tougher price controls from 2021.
Energy networks making ‘unjustified’ profits.
Citizens Advice claims Ofgem’s generosity has resulted in 19 per cent profit margin.
Brexit: what happens to Article 50 in a U-turn on Euratom?
Elliott challenges Buffett’s Texas utility deal.
Paul Singer’s activist hedge fund ready to launch rival bid for Oncor.
Westar and Great Plains utilities agree new merger.
Earlier deal was blocked by Kansas regulators who called purchase price ‘too high’.
The investment decision and financing decision should be distinct.
UK green electricity rivals in boardroom battle.
Ecotricity demands representation on board of Good Energy after amassing 25% stake.
EU energy groups criticise US threats to Nord Stream.
Interference to highly politicised Gazprom project described as ‘unacceptable’.
A green economy, but at what cost?
The problem with renewables lies not in capability, but in low productivity.
Investors warn tidal power project risks stalling.
Backers led by Prudential say the government must give scheme a green light soon.
The private equity arms race is hotting up.
John Dizard looks at Calpine, the US utility that is the subject of a bidding war.
Buffett’s Texas utility bid transforms energy group.
Agreed deal for Oncor puts $18bn enterprise value on unit of once-bankrupt EFH.
Tesla battery to provide power to 30,000 homes.
It will help to solve energy shortages and prevent blackouts in South Australia.
Buffett nears $18bn bid for Texas utility Oncor.
Berkshire Hathaway expected to pay less than NextEra offered in blocked 2016 deal.
Brussels charges General Electric, Canon and Merck with breach of merger rules.
Ofgem to investigate British Gas over switching terms.
Artificial leaves promise a clean energy future.
Scientists’ efforts to emulate the process of photosynthesis are flourishing.
ICE pushes further into European energy trading.
National Grid offers offenders a way back to work.
Company wins Responsible Business Award for giving opportunities to young people.
Mersey shipbuilder explores nuclear plant engineering.
Cammell Laird eyes 30% cut in construction costs as R&D centre opens at site.
Smart investors see additional benefits for utilities and grid operators.
Merger rumours have shone a light on the pair’s strong compatibility.
Aggreko buys energy storage technology specialist.
Younicos will help FTSE 250 company provide cheaper, greener electricity.
EDF/Hinkley Point: concrete bungle.
Delays and additional costs are embarrassing but unlikely to be terminal.
Hinkley takes another step backwards.
Ofgem proposes price cap for vulnerable customers.
Regulator’s plans seen as watered-down alternative to Conservative manifesto pledges.
EDF warns Hinkley Point could cost extra £1.5bn.
Delays threaten to push nuclear power price tag past £20bn, says French energy group.
Hinkley Point costs up to £1.5bn higher than forecast, warns EDF.
Ofgem to launch energy switching service.
Notes from a pinkwasher, the moderator among men.
Exceptional manel examples lurk where least expected, such as debates about women.
Trump hails new era of US energy ‘dominance’.
Measures announced to put fracking, nuclear power and coal exports at heart of sector.
Amec drops planned sale of European nuclear business.
White House leaves option of Westinghouse aid open.
Trump administration keen to keep US nuclear group out of Chinese or Russian hands.
Kepco confirms talks on joining Moorside nuclear project.
Korean power company wants to install its own reactor technology in Cumbria.
Nuclear experts say EDF’s new generation reactor safe to start.
Korea power stocks drop as Moon halts nuclear plants.
Move to be reactor free by 2060 complicates country’s world-beating atomic business.
Rosatom powers through nuclear industry woes.
Russia-backed nuclear group sets out ambitious global growth plans — even in wind sector.
European utilities primed for consolidations.
Analysts say break-up of Eon and RWE last year point to a wave of deals.
Glencore’s race for Rio’s coal may not yet be run.
Ivan Glasenberg, the consummate dealmaker, has clearly got his appetite back.
Thames Water needs ‘serious scrutiny’, says regulator.
Ofwat chairman says utility company should ‘quickly’ change the ‘way it operates’.
Turkey’s reconciliation with Russia spurs new regional power projects.
Moscow wants more access to the Turkish market, but Ankara is suspicious of dependence on Russia.
Centrica sells last big UK power stations.
British Gas owner looks to focus on services and smaller, flexible electricity plants.
Centrica to sell two gas power plants for £318m.
Vattenfall to enter UK consumer energy market.
Swedish group to use deal for iSupplyEnergy as springboard for assault on ‘big 6’.
Centrica to close UK’s largest gas storage site.
Shutdown set to leave Britain more dependent on imports and exposed to price shocks.
Main challenges to South Korean utility expected to ease.
Shares mixed on reports Li Ka-shing to retire from CK Hutchison.
Enel chief forecasts green revolution to charge ahead.
Francesco Starace says renewable power will be cheapest way to produce electricity.
South Korea steps back from nuclear power.
Pledge to scrap plans for new reactors marks overhaul for country’s energy policy.
Why batteries are more important than Brexit.
Without manufacturing facilities, Britain will lose the fruits of research to others.
Immelt exits GE; Microsoft, EU roaming law, Alphabet and Thames Water in the news.
SSE chief received 72% pay increase.
Move revealed as citizens groups press for cap on household energy prices.
SSE chief executive saw pay rise 72% last year.
Majestic Wine’s Brexit outlook makes valuation seem full-bodied.
Group was valued at 25 times earnings — the same ratio as when profits were 50% higher.
Wind and solar expected to supply third of global power by 2040.
BNEF predicts plunging cost of wind and solar energy will lead to widespread adoption.
Trump can’t put the green genie back in the bottle.
Abandoning Paris accord galvanises efforts for more environmentally sustainable future.
China considers power sector consolidation.
Beijing targets coal-fired electricity producers for mergers.
Tepco’s new president vows to shake up utility.
Incoming head seeks to transform Japanese group dogged by Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Leverage has enabled high returns but ultra-low rates will not last for ever.
Thames Water faces probe over ‘unacceptable’ leaks.
Regulator fines utility £8.5m as 180 litres a day leak from every property it supplies.
Thames Water fined £8.55m over leakage targets.
The best way for UK energy supplier to maximise profits is to keep customers happy.
Qatar diplomatic spat reignites UK gas supply fears.
Middle East instability raises long-term questions over energy security.
Toshiba jumps 8% after deal to cap US reactor liability.
Australian groups shift to energy self-reliance.
Businesses invest in unconventional power as politicians try to fix energy deficit.
Germany’s highest court rules out nuclear fuel tax
Verdict paves way for energy utilities to claim billions of euros in refunds.
German nuclear fuel tax ruled unconstitutional by Karlsruhe court.
US utilities under pressure to cut emissions further.
Lag behind European rivals creates long-term investment risk, study finds.
National Grid managers see pay soar.
Privatised water costs £2.3bn more a year, study says.
Greenwich university finds renationalisation would save each household in England £100 a year.
Portuguese energy chief vows not to resign over corruption investigation.
EDP shares drop after senior staff named in corruption probe.
Brazil chiefs vow to steer state titans through political crisis.
Petrobras and Eletrobras executives intend to stay if new regime takes reins.
Forget Trump, there’s still money in climate change.
President cannot halt the rise of renewable energy in the US, says John Dizard.
Ever cheaper renewables and gas undermine the case for coal.
Business and world leaders criticise Trump’s Paris exit.
Many voice ‘disappointment’ but global green energy shift expected to continue.
Coal is dead; long live the sun.
The transition to renewables is possible if policymakers plan ahead.
Trump climate policy risks more jobs than it saves.
Almost 3 times as many are employed in renewables industry as coal mining.
Ukraine claims early arbitration victory over Gazprom.
Blow to Russian gas group’s ‘take or pay’ contracts from Stockholm panel.
Eskom chief to be sacked 20 days after he was rehired.
Stockholm arbitration court appears to hand Ukraine victory over Gazprom.
Reappointment of Brian Molefe at utility divided South Africa’s ruling party.
Paris signatories face climate accord without US.
Trump set to decide on participation but world may be better off if president says no.
Three Mile Island faces closure 40 years after meltdown.
Exelon says state support could save site of most serious US civil nuclear accident.
Morocco capitalises on early lead in renewables.
Nation’s expertise in local solar and wind technology counts in sub-Saharan market.
Gazprom and Brussels chart course to address antitrust settlement concerns.
Energy groups think digital to serve homes of future.
Under pressure to cut bills, utility companies diversify to safeguard profits.
Brussels set to clear EDF takeover of Areva’s reactor business.
Deal will allow a €5bn state-backed capital increase and wider restructuring.
Solar outshines nuclear as sun boosts UK output.
Renewable power generation tops 40% on Friday, overtaking gas.
IC — National Grid, Thomas Cook, Severn Trent.
Companies analysis from our sister publication.
Dong/Ineos: the iceman cometh.
Ratcliffe hooks his catch a little higher in water column than armchair anglers expect.
India power grid move highlights China tensions.
Rival Asian giant to be worst hit by reciprocal barring of electricity investment.
Severn Trent pledges higher dividend increases.
Group defends water sector amid calls by opposition politicians for nationalisation.
Severn Trent’s dividend is not to be sniffed at.
Some analysts suggest this regulated income could revive interest in a takeover.
India plans to tax solar panels higher than coal.
Renewables sector and foreign investors complain GST will drive up prices.
India promotes renewables and ‘cleaner’ coal.
Piyush Goyal insists electrification compatible with curbing carbon emissions growth.
Kenya shows renewables scope to plug Africa’s power supply gaps.
Challenge from 640m Africans who have no electricity.
Oil majors seek survival in a low-carbon world.
Fossil fuels still dominate global energy but suppliers are vulnerable.
Green battery advocates accentuate the positive.
Improved power storage helps manage the unpredictability of clean energy sources.
Clean Energy.
A range of low-carbon technologies, ranging from solar and wind farms to battery parks and electric vehicles, are transforming power use across the world.
Nuclear developers stumble over technology and financing.
Project delays and the Fukushima disaster have dented the appeal of atomic power.
US solar power groups await critical tariff ruling.
Call from bankrupt panel maker threatens to have devastating impact on jobs.
Power networks navigate electric car challenge.
Demand for charging could lead to electricity shortages at peak times.
Tories commit to shale gas and electric cars.
Manifesto sets goal for Britain to have lowest energy prices in Europe.
Daimler to provide home power storage in US.
Carmaker’s venture with Vivint Solar looks to compete with Tesla’s Powerwall.
The Big Green Bang: how renewable energy became unstoppable.
The shift to cleaner power is disrupting entire industries. Will the 21st century be the last one for fossil fuels?
EU fines Facebook €110m over WhatsApp merger.
Nuclear plant nears completion after huge delays.
Western Europe’s first atomic power station in 15 years is test of Areva technology.
Price cap could halve retail profits and put pressure on dividends.
SSE boosts profits on back of higher energy bills.
Supplier reports ‘small overall increase’ amid political pressure to impose price cap.
SSE lifts profitability of UK consumer business amid political scrutiny.
Results come as consumer bills become an election issue.
Grid puts hold on 100 miles of Cumbrian power lines.
Pause to £2.8bn project while fate of Moorside nuclear plant is decided.
UK Election Countdown: Raise the scarlet standard high.
23 days to go: Labour goes back in time.
S Korean president cracks down on air pollution.
Moon jae-in orders closure of ageing coal-fired power stations to curb toxic haze.
RWE profit falls 18% in Q1 as electricity prices drop.
South Africa’s Eskom company survives power cuts.
State-owned utility stays optimistic while remaining at the centre of controversy.
Snap disappoints; Vivendi, Chinese chemicals, UK energy and Liverpool FC in the news.
What if Jeremy Corbyn actually won the UK’s general election?
Eskom reappoints chief tarnished by corruption report.
Brian Molefe was biggest casualty of ‘state capture’ probe by public protector.
Innogy warns of loss at UK energy unit Npower.
German utility says competition is ‘extremely fierce’ as British division’s earnings fall.
Neptune eyes global role on back of Engie deal.
Sam Laidlaw venture in $3.9bn move for French group’s exploration and production assets.
Innogy Q1 profits rise but loss projected at UK retail unit.
Engie enters politically fraught UK energy market.
French utility increases heat on big rivals under pressure over proposed price cap.
Laidlaw’s Neptune snaps up Engie production assets for $3.9bn.
Engie enters UK domestic energy market.
Macquarie-led group to pay A$7.6bn for Endeavour stake.
Sale of majority holding in Australian public energy company delivers windfall for NSW.
EN+ flotation will open up a Russian doll conundrum.
Group owns energy assets whose performance would probably be closely correlated.
Confusion deters energy customers from switching.
Shopping around among suppliers for better deal rare in retail market.
Tories defend plans to cap energy bills.
Ministers reject claims that proposal is almost identical to Ed Miliband’s in 2015.
Eon and Uniper report first-quarter earnings falls.
Companies grapple with consequences of Germany’s energy market shake-up.
Tory business secretary defends energy price cap plan.
UK energy stocks slump on Tory price cap plans.
Eon profit down 34% in Q1 on grid fees and procurement costs.
Centrica warns over effect of price cap on energy bills.
Conservatives confirm plans to introduce limit on standard tariffs.
An energy price cap may benefit the UK market leader.
Centrica CEO says government policies should be funded by general taxation.
Ukraine seeks big investments to fuel economy.
Prime minister keen to convey message that 90 per cent of the country is safe and open for business.
Energy groups raise prices after bill cap threat.
Suppliers have stopped trying to match or better the cheapest deals on the market.
Russia struggles to unleash clean energy potential.
Reliance on fossil fuels and politics keep investment away from renewables.
Thames Water: the murky structure of a utility.
As raw sewage poured into London’s rivers, the water supplier awarded huge dividends to investors.
India looks for sound funding as it targets infrastructure.
After exuberant spending led to losses, politicians agree a new approach is needed.
First Utility chief executive to step down.
Eclipse to test US electric grid.
Falling costs and government mandates have aided expansion in sun power capacity.
It is time for Europe to face its nuclear challenge.
Glimmer of light in Pakistan’s blackout crisis.
Chinese-funded power stations using local coal should ease crippling energy shortfall.
Gazprom 2016 income beats estimates rising to $16.7bn.
Private equity sparks revival at Ugandan utility Umeme.
Partnership is a rare example of successful collaboration in the country.
Business leaders back low-carbon energy system.
Energy Transitions Commission pushes for renewables to comprise almost all energy by 2030s.
Energy groups hit by tariffs crackdown.
Tory price-cap pledge deals further blow to market capitalisation of Centrica and SSE.
Enel chief backs renewables in spite of Trump.
Europe’s largest power company sticks with €5.2bn clean energy investment plan.
How EMs can attract capital to their power sectors.
Four steps to making energy investment viable and profitable.
Conservative price cap plans cause drop in energy group shares.
ScottishPower criticises Conservative energy price cap plans.
Toshiba to split in-house units into wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Conservatives promise to cap energy prices.
Centrica operating profits could take £332m hit from intervention in gas market.
UK generates a day’s electricity without coal.
Share of power from the fossil fuel fell to zero on Friday for first time since 1882.
Britain rakes out the coals of a dying power source.
The UK leads the world in the retreat from coal-fired power generation, writes Andrew Ward.
Hinkley Point nuclear project powers ahead.
Britain’s first new reactor since the 1990s takes shape in Somerset.
Australian approval of Li Ka-shing Duet takeover lays way for further deals – RBC.
UK government to take ‘muscular’ action on energy bills.
SoftBank’s energy unit announces two new solar projects in Japan.
Job vacancy: energy policy adviser to Theresa May.
Dong Energy breaks subsidy link with new wind farms.
Danish group to build German schemes without financial aid in groundbreaking deal.
Westinghouse shattered the US infrastructure dream.
America must fix its labour markets and regulatory morass, says John Dizard.
Gas storage base shut to new supplies for a year.
Price threat as fears for Rough facilities increase dependence on imports.
EDF raises UK energy prices for second time in four months.
Activists clash over direction for NRG Energy.
Funds’ push for performance shake-up is questioned by New York City comptroller.
EU investigates German national electricity reserve.
UK peak summer electricity demand forecast to slip to record low.
US seeks non-Chinese owner for Westinghouse.
White House ‘keenly aware’ of national security implications in sale of bankrupt group.
Engie sells NuGen stake to Toshiba for $139m.
Deal raises further doubts for proposed British nuclear power station.
Engie plans to back away from Moorside cast fresh doubt on nuclear project.
Adani bets on Australian solar.
Indian group’s push into green energy comes amid fight over Carmichael coal mine.
RWE poorly prepared for move to low-carbon economy.
Big utilities dependent on fossil fuels face risk of losses, says research.
Britain turns to South Korea to save nuclear plant.
Future of new reactor thrown in doubt by financial crisis at Toshiba.
National Grid calls for its own storage.
Move will pit group against electricity generators such as the   big six   utilities.
US companies defy investors with online meetings.
Ford says it will join growing list of ‘forward-looking’ groups ending in-person event.
Hinkley Point construction gets under way.
EDF starts pouring concrete at £18bn nuclear power plant.